(32823,Once again Elmer is faced with the dilemma of who to shoot. Bugs of Daffy. He's unsure of what season it is and Bunny and Duck arguing help matters not. Though Bugs proves he's the smartest once more by repeatedly using reverse psychology on Daffy in increasingly subtle ways. And when that runs out he does his trademark cross-dressing thingy. Daffy freaks out and demands the bunny be shot. Though Elmer is too stupid he is hopelessly in love with the girl bunny thing. Elmer really is to blame for all this. If he weren't so dumb he'd know it REALLY is duck season and just blast Daffy. But poor old Daff can't believe the utter preposterousness of the situation. His cruel plans of misdirection have been foiled by Elmer's dumbness. Daffy is so shocked that he even goes home with Elmer to be blasted in his living room.<br /><br />Poor Daff. He rules!),-0.6923076923076923
(33155,This movie was sweet. The main character lady was sensitive to 2 different men who wanted her. She seemed not a character at all but a real person who had made some mistakes but was trying to set things right. I liked the movie a lot. Even the older ladies who were lesbian didn't irritate me too much.),-1.0
(33196,This film is the worst film I have ever seen. The story line is weak - I couldn't even follow it. The acting is high-schoolish. The sound track is irritating. The attempts at humor are not. The editing is horrible. The credits are even slow - I would be embarrassed to have my name associated with this waste of film. Don't waste your time even thinking about this attempt at acting.),-1.1666666666666667
(33644,Just watched this film on TV and it was awesome. <br /><br />had just planned on watching it whilst doing some work however i ended up watching the whole film with out doing work as it was so good! <br /><br />Actors my not be very well know but the story line makes up for it. the fact that the actors make are less well known only makes it more believable that the events could occur. i did not feel a biased towards one character as i have no judgement of the types of character as i have never seen any of the actors in a film before which made it even more enjoyable.<br /><br />would recommend watching it.),-0.3333333333333333
(34069,(spoilers?)<br /><br />while the historical accuracy might be questionable... (and with the mass appeal of the inaccurate LOTR.. such things are more easily excused now) I liked the art ness of it. Though not really an art house film. It does provide a little emotionally charged scenes from time to time. <br /><br />I have two complaints. 1. It's too short. and 2. The voice you hear whispering from time to time is not explained.<br /><br />8/10<br /><br />Quality: 10/10 Entertainment: 7/10 Replayable: 5/10),-0.5
(34101,This is one cheap looking movie! A stripper keeps getting attacked and raped by zombies and no one believes her. She goes to the police who also rape her. She finally finds a kid who was also attacked by the zombies and they trace the zombies back to 'The Zombie Master'. The fact that Stephanie Beaton stars as the stripper is the only reason to watch this film.),-1.75
(34101,"This movie made me really mad because the main characters or all the characters have a southern accent. I've lived in Iowa for 29 years and I know that people don't have a southern accent here. This movie is about a guy who does meth and I don't know the real plot or what the movie is suppose to be about. It has some pretty graphic drug use in it and it's really insulting so see these people use meth like it was sugar. I lost my brother to meth and this movie makes me sick to my stomach because it glamorizes the drug. The movie makes it look cool to use the drug but I was happy at the end when the guy almost made it across the state line. I also know that most women who experience a traumatic rape don't want to make love to their boyfriend or husband the next day. The movie is just wrong in all directions. I would suggest ""The Basketball Diaries"" if I was going to suggest a movie about drugs."),-0.6153846153846154
(34549,This is the worst film I have ever seen.I was watching this film with some friends and after 40 minutes we had enough. The plot was bad and there wasn't a single likeable character.I could get more entertainment watching static. I gave this movie a 1 only because the scale didn't go into negative numbers. Avoid this movie at all costs.),-2.6666666666666665
(35073,"I remember that show. I still remember that kick ass fun song ""America's Funniest People."" Frankly it should've been titled American's lame or unfunny or downright disgusting People. Dave couldn't save this show and neither could Bob Saget or the replacement hosts for AFV that came later. The Jackalope segments were hilarious and yes Dave could make some good voice overs that were better than Bob's. But this show went to hell because of the lame crappy videos people submitted. Also it developed as somewhat of a variety show with lame guest stars including the Olson Twins. Plus AFV was in it's prime before they started picking the drooling ugly as sin babies as the winner. Did I mentioned the videos were disgusting and lame? But still the theme song rocks!"),-0.6428571428571429
(35690,Ed Wood is eclipsed and becomes Orson Welles. This film is fantastic. Vampire witches who fight in terribly choreographed scenes and dialog that could have breaking ribs with laughter. Plan 9 From OUterSpace dons't stand a chance against this. Described by the writer and psychic Stephen Armourae on the Vampire Forum as a masterpiece- he's from England and thoroughly sarcastic.<br /><br />It has Stephanie Beaton and the producers know whats going to save them from bankcrupcy by repeatedly using her. Though she leaves me cold as she looks more like the undead than all the devil raisers. And Eileen Daly is just a lower rate Elvira. The whole thing is badly done.<br /><br />Watch it for the script though),-0.16666666666666666
(36557,I agree that this film wasted my time and my money. The poster mislead me to thinking it was a different type of movie. I should have known given the unprofessional look of the poster. Someone should sue for false advertising.),-1.0
(36597,"This film was actually shot and made in 1987 but it didn't hit the theaters until 1990. As I watched this film I could see the good intentions that it had but I'm afraid there wasn't much talent or experience behind the camera to make it work. Story takes place in California in the 1890's and some Italian immigrants who own vineyards are told they have to leave their land so a railroad can come through. Dennis Hopper plays William Berrigan who has offered money for the land but has been turned down. Giancarlo Giannini is Sebastian Collogero and he is to proud to leave and asks the other farmers to stand up and fight to keep their land. Berrigan grows impatient and hires a bunch of thugs to force everyone to vacate. These thugs are headed by a man named Andrews (Burt Young) and he doesn't hesitate to kill anyone who gives him problems. Andrews and his men kill Collogero one night and his son Marco (Eric Roberts) vows to seek revenge and get the land back for everyone. Marco blows up the bridge that the railroad was going to need and they also destroy a tunnel and this sets back the project for several months and Berrigan now starts to get heat from other investors. This film was directed by Peter Masterson and besides ""The Trip To Bountiful"" he has at best a spotty career in directing. He's a fine actor but here he seems to be in over his head. This was a film that desperately needed more attention to detail and its easy to see that it didn't occur. Roberts hairstyle is perfect for the 1980's but this is suppose to be 1890! The cinematographer is Toyomichi Kurita who ended up being a good cameraman but this was only his fourth film and he certainly had not learned everything at that time. Its not a sharp looking film at all and I noticed in several shots during the day that the sun would be glaring off of something and the scenes just don't have the crispness that would have helped the overall look. The script is just a revenge story and no surprises take place during the course of the film. We know Giannini is going to get it and it seemed just a matter of time. The cast is top notch and they do their best but the whole film comes across as uninspired. This was promoted as Julia Roberts film debut but I'm not sure that is correct. She might have appeared in a film called ""Firehouse"" before this."),-0.08333333333333333
(36648,the only reason i bought this DVD is because cynthia rothrock is in it.now everybody knows she is the queen of martial arts b movies.the trouble is this is not a martial arts movie.cynthia rothrock has about a minute or so of fight scenes in this stupid movie.now if you were a film maker and you had cynthia rothrock in your movie would'nt you want to have a lot of martial arts action? all she does in this movie is walk around looking bored just like i was when i watched this pile of crap.i own a lot of her movies and they are all b movies but at least they had some cool fight scenes in them.if you are a martial arts fan avoid this no matter what.i'm still mad i wasted 4 dollars to buy this DVD),-0.5
(37414,One thing I have noticed about British horror movies from the 1970s is that they don`t hold up to repeated viewing THEATRE OF BLOOD is a case in point as are all those Amicus anthology movies . Add THE BEAST IN THE CELLAR to the list <br /><br />Much of the drama of this movie revolves around the build up of a plot revelation at the end . Once you know what the revelation is this becomes a rather flat film . It does open with a fairly good hook but after that we`re treated to long boring sequences of two old ladies making small talk . Correct me if I`m wrong but how many people watch a horror movie expecting a couple of old ladies making small talk ? The only sort of interest to be found in THE BEAST IN THE CELLAR is the anti-smoking stance . Some people have mentioned that this is an anti-war or anti-military film but watch carefully and you`ll see that everytime a squaddie lights up for a fly puff he gets killed . Rather strange considering attitudes to smoking weren`t nearly so hysterical as they are nowadays),-0.75
(37495,I recently waisted 8  by going and see this movie in the cinema. It was a waste of time and the only feeling you get going out of the theater is a slightly nauseous of all the disgusting social pornography. <br /><br />It could have been interesting if it had a quite absurd twist but it hadn't so it was just plain awful with maybe one or two scenes which could have been taken out and made to very nice short movies.<br /><br />Another thing I thought about is the way the director uses all the Finish stereotypes as characters. It is quite extraordinary how you as a Finish director can make a movie with the worst stereotypes of your own nationality. It was sad to sit and and hear the audience sitting and laughing at things that they thought was typical Finish but in general just is making fun of people.),-0.1
(38319,These writings write about the end of the plot so don't read it if you haven't seen this rubbish.<br /><br />I found this rubbish film in the horror section which made me think it would be a horror. If I owned a video store I'd put it in the BORING section. This film is so rubbish it will make you feel like you have lost your socks.<br /><br />This film contains endless shots of people driving as if that was scary. Well I drive to work and back (and sometimes to the store or to visit my cats) almost every day and trust me it's not scary. It even starts with 20 minutes of some people driving. Even the little kid does it too. Round and round he goes and he never stops. What's so scary about watching a little kid riding a bicycle for an hour? I think NOTHING and if you watch it you will not think so too.<br /><br />The family in the car arrive at a big castle and they are given a tour just walking around endlessly looking at kitchens. Then the man walks around a for an hour and tries to kill his family for no reason. That's all that happens and as you can see it's rubbish.),-0.7142857142857143
(39141,Strong evidences and it clearly shows government cover-ups and lies. Very convincing documentary. A little bias but it hit hard on the government. I'm not very remorsed about the adults but the children............. it's very sad. Strong evidences and it clearly shows government cover-ups and lies. Very convincing documentary. A little bias but it hit hard on the government. I'm not very remorsed about the adults but the children............. it's very sad. Strong evidences and it clearly shows government cover-ups and lies. Very convincing documentary. A little bias but it hit hard on the government. I'm not very remorsed about the adults but the children............. it's very sad.),-0.3333333333333333
(40160,This is a really obnoxious show. It is in fact an example of how low television has fallen since 'reality' got in style. Tanya is pretty but she is also extremely rude and has awful taste. Is a house show the place for sex appeal? Apparently some males like the show because they find Tanya attractive. The other boss is not pretty but he's fully as rude and also has awful taste. It is unfortunate that so many houses have to be shown while someone is still living in them. Most of the people who are allegedly viewing these houses before changes are made should be moving into brand new houses or completely empty ones so they will not be insulting anyone. Most of them ..like the 'crew'..need to be taught manners. I can imagine how awful the British show is since the British reality shows tend to be even worse when it comes to manners and taste.<br /><br />What happened to the Arts and Entertainment channel? When it started out (and for some years afterward) it was filled with treats. Now it's one big trash machine.),-1.25
(40805,"This was recently on AMC's vibrant movie classics and I had to laugh. I had high hopes for this adventure that follows in the vein of ""Voyage to the Earth's Core"" and ""Mysterious Island"". I was sorely disappointed not only in the acting credentials but in the silly story line that reads from a five year old's comic book. Be sure to catch sight of the wires that are holding on to the Pterdactyl's wings when they grasp ""Ogar"" a half idiot pre-modern man who befriends the lost adventurers. The ending left it open for further rehashing of the same effects in ""People that Time Forgot"". Don't waste your time."),-0.375
(40914,This movie is so bad that it actually gets funny. One of the worst movies I've ever seen in my entire life. The funny thing was that the trailer had scenes in it that wasn't in the movie. Just by watching the trailer I would have saved a lot of my time. It actually showed everything that happened in the movie except for the conclusion and that was also so obvious.<br /><br />It's honestly hard to think of a reason why this movie was made. This is just so bad. Horrible. <br /><br />I would give it 0 out of 10 if that would be possible. There is nothing else to say about this movie.),-0.2
(41248,this is the only movie i have ever walked out on. bad acting-- bad plot-- bad casting-- bad directing-- bad cinematography-- if they had set out to make a bad picture they couldn't have done a better job. i hope they are proud of his turkey. i'm surprised anyone associated with this film was ever hired again in hollywood. don't waste your time!),-1.3
(41446,There have been several books that have cited this as the earliest gay cinema. I don't really see this as all that gay in the homosexual sense but then seeing two men dancing in what has to be the worlds first movie musical does have its attraction. <br /><br />There have been several earlier comments about this film dismissing any homosexual overtones. As to those that are quick to dismiss this film as just being silly and an experiment done late at night after too many drinks... Well I've heard that story before. <br /><br />This film is of interest as an oddity and if folks want to consider it the first gay film so be it. Better this than the depressing 1919 Anders als die Andern.),-0.8
(41894,A potentially good idea gets completely let down by a weak script which throws all credibility out the window leaving the actors very little to work with. Roth covers it up as best he can by being all mouth; Hurt has about as much menace as a fluffy bunny and Stamp can't seem to decide whether he's playing an ex-London crook or some toff straight off the playing fields at Eton. As for poor Laura del Sol she does what she can but her character is no more than every northern European's idea of the stereotypical Latino woman who's all pouts and hot temperament. If you're a fan of any of the main actors don't disappoint yourself or fool yourself (as I suspect many of the other reviewer's here have done). Watch it by all means but stay critical; you know these guys can do better.),-0.18181818181818182
(42057,Imagine the worst A-team episode Add even more bad taste Remove humor and you might get an idea of how despicable this movie is ! Looks like a teenager stole Daddy's Camcorder and filmed the explosion of his little sister Barbie model house. Pathetic.),-0.5
(42889,In 1967 I saw an outstanding Musical at the Wintergarden in New York City where Angela Lansbury lite the stage as Mame. But did Hollywood give her the lead ???? No Lucille Ball great as Lucy was given the role. She killed the film. What a mistake There was no chemistry as there was on the stage Bea Arthur and Angela what a twosome when they sang.. It is too bad a producer does not put these two together even today),-0.16666666666666666
(43266,This must be one of the worse movies that I have ever seen. On a par with Blair Witch and just as annoying. The flashing helmet lights made things difficult to see and I think that epileptics should take heed as there are moments with strobing that makes this movie even more annoying. I think if they had been quieter they might have found a way out. Then when you think the geek might come up trumps even he resorts to a nervous breakdown. Oh and when is the guy who is having sex realise that when the girl says she can hear something. She Can Really Hear Something. One of these guys must have at least seen Scream (where they draw your attention to such things) It is also a big let-down when a premise offers so much promise and then someone writes the script. So sorry folks I got this on weekly at the video shop and I would still like my money back.),-0.42857142857142855
(43347,The first time you see The Second Renaissance it may look boring. Look at it at least twice and definitely watch part 2. It will change your view of the matrix. Are the human people the ones who started the war ? Is AI a bad thing ?),-2.5
(43434,I knew this was headed for disaster after looking at the clock within 7 minutes of air time. The story line: Two people get married. They move into the wife's parents home. And husband doesn't get along with father-in-law-and if you haven't seen this plot before you probably have not watched TV for the last 15 years or so.),-2.0
(43935,There are about ten minutes about half way through Strangeland when one suddenly sees the glimmer of an interesting idea. Themes of revenge and rehabilitation come into focus during Robert Englund's brief screen time. Sadly Strangeland then resumes its course as a thoroughly predictable and boring slasher film.),-1.0
(43949,There was no characterization in this movie and really shows how much this talentless hack who directed this needs to learn his craft. All his characters in this movie were so unlikable and I could care less. The best point in this movie was the end credits and the hour long shower after this cause I felt so damn dirty that I wasted money on this stinking load. Hey genius....triads and yakuza are from two different places learn something about Asian culture. The dog scene in this felt so tacked on and useless. This DVD does prove useful I do love my new coaster.<br /><br />So kids don't waste your cash on this crap buy Hostel instead.),-0.3
(44115,The script for this movie was probably found in a hair-ball recently coughed up by a really old dog. Mostly an amateur film with lame FX. For you Zeta-Jones fanatics: she has the credibility of one Mr. Binks.),-2.0
(44594,What a pathetic movie.<br /><br />I won't waste much time commenting about it. I'm still trying to get back the couple hours I wasted on it.<br /><br />Let me leave it simply with - Shaq has NO BUSINESS being an actor or singer. He is utterly without talent at both discplines. It's a crying shame that substantially more talented people waste away in community theatres and karaoke bars while Shaq uses his name as a basketball player to undeservedly get cast in movies and cut CDs.<br /><br />Much of the failure of this movie was the pathetic no-talent that is Shaq.),-1.3636363636363635
(44754,I'm watching this on the Sci-Fi channel right now. It's so horrible I can't stop watching it! I'm a Videographer and this movie makes me sad. I feel bad for anyone associated with this movie. Some of the camera work is good. Most is very questionable. There are a few decent actors in the flick. Too bad they're surrounded by what must have been the director's relatives. That's the only way they could have been qualified to be in a movie! Music was a little better than the acting. If you get around to watching this I hope it's because there was absolutely NO other option! The sequel (yes sequel) is coming on now....I think I'll skip it! Jason),-0.7142857142857143
(44833,This movie is definently a horror movie and if you do not get scared than you must not be watching this movie. It works on the old techniques but throws something new into the mix. This movie grips and runs and hides within your mind. The movie has a point to it unlike other horror movies. Watch it for a thrill and shock to your system.),-1.6666666666666667
(44943,(spoilers)<br /><br />I shoulda figured. The dvd didn't even show the time or how long it was. I thought Wild Cardz was the worst anime movie I'd ever seen. This one is much worse. Makes no sense. Thrown together plot. All so we can see oversized breasts on a figure that doesn't support them. <br /><br />It had to of been a student film. That musta gotten a C grade<br /><br />2/10<br /><br />Quality: 1/10 Entertainment: 6/10 (until I found out it wasn't going to end.) the ending made no darn sense<br /><br />Replayable: 0/10),-0.75
(44944,"If you enjoy the original SNL cast and shows then avoid this movie at all costs. When this first came out my friends and I waited in line for over an hour to get in to a sold out movie house. half way through the movie the theatre was 3/4 empty. We refused to leave thinking it would get better. When the movie ended we were the only ones left in the theatre. The movie lasted only one day in all theaters then vanished from sight. In interviews with ""Mr. Mike"" he refused to comment on this film. The film was an inside joke on the episodes of SNL that came out right after the films release and closing in one day. We all tried to contact ""Mr. Mike"" by phone and mail to get a refund but were totally ignored."),-0.3333333333333333
(45132,Viewing both of these films concurrently is not a bad idea to get a sense of early film production and acting for the camera styles. I give the nod to Garbo(but not by much)in regard to her naturalness. Robeson is majestic. But his performance is aimed for a large proscenium theater. Something else that struck me was the movies themes of empowerment for women and minorities. There hadn't been any films coming out of Hollywood yet that allowed the voices of marginal characters like Anna and Brutus to take the foreground. These were very progressive films for their time. It's quite probable that O'Neill saw the writing on the wall way before everyone else did about the future of America.),-0.6666666666666666
(45138,<br /><br />Superb film with no actual spoken dialogue which enhances the level of suspense. The whole approach gives a completely different twist to a war film.<br /><br />Well worth watching again if only it could be found. I saw it perhaps 20 or so years ago. - Fantastic!),-0.3333333333333333
(45881,I guess they reward idiocy today because whoever came up with the concept for this movie was not shot on sight.<br /><br />This is a morons delight. The worst stereo-types of every ghetto and high school movie is dragged out twisted around and made even more unbearable. Every character in this movie has a sob story beyond sympathy. Lets pray for a remake where the whole school gets nuked.<br /><br />***Spoiler*** how does a school so run down have the internet in the first place?),-0.25
(46420,This episode from the first season slightly edges towards controversy with the whole gender bending angle.I imagine there would have been a significant amount of editing before this was finished to appease censors.<br /><br />The story itself is original and well written and the directing is complemented by the fine acting.(Nicholas Lea makes his X-Files debut though not as Agent Krycek but as a victim called Michael) I especially enjoyed the built up to and the ending itself.<br /><br />Its different but enjoyable.Ignore any bad reviews you may hear.Watch it for yourself and make judgement then),-0.2
(46738,"This movie was by far the worst movie that I have ever seen in my entire life. I'm not even kidding. It was poorly made and the actors couldn't act. It was a waste of my time and money. It looked like a movie that my friends and I could have put together on our own. The case the movie came in is definitely a disguise. Nothing in the movie looks like the zombie on the front of the case. It appears that the director or make-up artist has just put black eye liner under someones eyes an called them a zombie. The credits at the beginning of the movie take up almost 20 minutes of the movie. Which watching the credits was the best part of the movie. This was honestly an awful movie and I couldn't believe how badly it was put together. Scenes jumped from one thing to the other and sometimes u were like ""whats going on?"" The audio was awful and the action shots looked like a couple of teen's joking around making a fake fight scene.<br /><br />IF you are considering renting or buying this movie I would advise you to at least watch the trailer for it because it show's how awful it truly is. I wish i would have watched it before i rented it."),-0.5714285714285714
(47327,"If you're a North American 'TOURIST' looking for a 'TRAP' here it is. Was this ""Trading Spaces visits TUSCANY?"" There were way too many stereotypes. Little attention was given to character and plot development. YAWN. Highlight of the film: the flag throwing. Poor guy! I thought he was going to loose an eye!"),-3.0
(47686,I have copies of both these Movies the classic where Robert blake is a mighty fine actor where most of the 1967 movie Blake is more shown standing by a window in jail telling his childhood life where it makes since why he killed the Clutter Family doesn't show much in the classic of what really went on an doesn't tell us which one really done the killing but it's a great eye catcher really if you watch the 1996 movie In cold Blood the classic makes a lot more sence .),-0.25
(47686,"The Presentation is VERY shabby. (to my notion) as documentaries often are. Michael Moore's ""documenatry"" - Farenheit 911 is FAR more convincing but has FAR too much media and political influence. Cant wait till Saturday when I get to see the docudrama ""The Game of their Lives"" . IFC goes right of center. I have started a collection of IFC movies from off the internet due to ""TGOTL"" *** out of ********** on ""Decade"". Wanna see good documentaries? Stick to the History Channel.. Or try docudrama. You cant go wrong with them my friend. Cant go wrong. The seventies were ten years of reruns. Or so the old times would have you to believe. Disco died and it is gone forever. When Elvis died o yes we all did grieve"),-0.8
(49047,I found the DVD version of this movie at a rummage sale. The basic premise is an affair between a teacher/coach a student. The acting is weak and the plot razor thin.<br /><br />This movie had all the depth and plot development of an adult film.),-2.0
(49730,I give this movie a 4 cause I'm a die hard fan of the video game series. the graphics and animation are excellent and its nice to see the whole gang in CG form Sephiroth's still cool<br /><br />now the reasons it only got a 4 well the characters feel like planks of wood with some of the worst voice acting I've ever seen(I've watched epic movie)<br /><br />the movie just seems cloud orientated so much so that it make even the fans embarrassed with cloud this and cloud that. clouds mentioned so much that it make you not want to see him in this movie <br /><br />the villains have the award for the worst villains ever (i was more scared by the wicked witch of the west) <br /><br />all the other characters in this movie are simply put in the movie for a nod to the fans and doesn't take it further then that<br /><br />wtf's with the chilly chally???<br /><br />summary: waited 9 years for this movie and this is what i get a large pointless and boring cut scene i beg the head of square cenix to shoot the man responsible for this burn every copy of the movie and any one involved in it and create a new movie from the ashes's (it would be nice to make the movie in live action and based on the original game)),-0.05555555555555555
(49950,This is without a doubt the worst movie I have ever seen. It is not funny. It is not interesting and should not have been made.),-0.6666666666666666
(50321,you can tell they spent 5$ making this.it is a waste of your time... ugh.. there is not anything remotely good about this movie... .. i don't know why i kept watching it.. the chick is not hot. horrid acting.. you could do anything and its a better use of your time.. like watching TV playing shitty video games.. i feel robbed. simply robbed.. of my time . i have never made a review for a movie before as you can probably tell but this movie i felt like i needed to save the poor souls that are about to watch it and looking on IMDb before to see if its decent and looking at the comments. -there was no action- -no hot chicks- -no budget- -shittttttttttttttty acting- it screams bad movie. ****the WHOLE movie is in a room.***),-0.09090909090909091
(50725,I would have rated this film a minus 10 but sadly it is not offered.<br /><br />Why I didn't walk out in the first five minutes of this movie I cannot say. I should have gone with my instinct and left immediately!! Several people in our theater did and sadly I didn't follow them out.<br /><br />The story lacked all criteria for a movie. NO plot. Awful acting! Even Robin Williams was so disappointing that I may never see another film he is in. Not a single relationship in the story went beyond parlor talk. I did like the tazer scene. Too bad it didn't shock some meat into the senselessness of the plot. Someone needs to tazer the writer and director of this film!),-1.5
(50875,All the actors in this film seem bored. They are not really interested in their roles and the dialogue is all delivered in monotone. It's a problem because I think the basic idea for the film is really very sound. I suppose it's just bad direction which leaves the actors drifting.),-1.0
(51497,Avoid the USA version. It is with added US footage and the worst dubbing you've ever heard probably done by New York amateurs. The dubbing is so bad that it sounds like Mystery Science Theater 3000. I think a black guy from the Bronx does Chiba's voice. I couldn't watch the entire film it was that bad. Instead of this Americanized version watch Chiba's other greats like The Streetfighter or Karate Warriors.),-0.5
(52015,"(Contains really bad Spoilers) So what can I say about this....It's a really HORRIBLE and AWFUL movie!!.Too much CGI and special effects....you could tell how fake the ridiculous baby is!!.PLEASE at least go watch ""Dungeons and Dragons"" which is another terrible pile of TRASH.Son of the Mask makes Dungeons and Dragons way better!!! Uggg!!!!!!!!!!!! Pure Crap!!!!!!!!!!!!I Hate this Trash!! I would also like to say that ""Superbabies:BabyGeniuses 2"" was also a really stupid movie.Probably just as stupid as ""Son of the Mask"".""BabyGeniuses 2 was just as fake as""Son of the Mask"" and also contains way too much CGI!!<br /><br />Anyway Yeah...this was a BAD BAD REALLY BAD movie....just please avoid it....Do NOT recommend this to no one...please its just way too ridiculous....makes no sense and really bad plot.The baby peing on his dad was just lame!"),-1.4285714285714286
(52462,This is a film that every child should see before they grow and get distorted often passed down ideas from generation to generation of family. I grew up in two different places although only 20 miles apart. I went to school & had friends of every color creed & religion for the first 8 years of my life. Then I moved to hillbilly country (although not anymore) where it was very unusual to even have one African-American kid in your class. My graduating class in high school had 2 or 3 African-Amercians (god why can't I just say Black? You can call me a honky or whitey or whatever! all of this political correctness peeves me as it does most others!) Anyway back to the film give this a try to see what happens when people get a distorted view or just what ignorance or a lack of understanding does to a culture or a country! This is an excellent film everyone should see especially children.),-0.6666666666666666
(53457,"Hood of the Living Dead and all of the other movies these guys directed look like they got together and filmed this with their buddies who have zero talent one afternoon when they were bored (lines are completely unrehearsed and unconvincing). I find that 95% of amateur movies and 90% of home video footage is better than this film (although the similarities between them warrant the comparison). ""Hey lets see if anyone is dumb enough to buy our movies!"". Hopefully nobody ELSE wasn't. My apologies to those involved in the flic as this review is somewhat harsh but i was the dope who read your fake reviews and purchased the movie."),-1.0
(55616,I wanted to see this movie ever since it was first advertised on TV. I went to Tinsel Town to see it Last Night at 7:40. I regret the day that wasted my ticket on this trash when I could of saw something better. The beginning was all a bunch sex trash and cliches. They exaggerated the way love works in reality. All of the girls were stereo types. The boyfriend was too stupid for his own age. The passing gases that the pregnant girl kept having barely got any laughs. The bank robbery was completely boring with gags that have been used in other movies. Their getaway car was an old beat up Chevy van that they claimed that had no breaks. Hey why didn't they get nice girlish vehicle for the robbery instead? It might have boosted the audience opinion about the movie. This movie was very low low low low low budgeted since nothing in there was damaged or destroyed. This movie had a lot of stuff in it that would drive Christian people nuts. Hey I even expected a car chase scene because all bank robbing movies have car chases but I but there was never any. So I rate this movie b which stands for low budgeted and 1 out of ten stars.),-0.5555555555555556
(55903,"What seemed as a good premise for a movie...unfortunately it fails to deliver on nearly every level. Very hard to follow at the start of the movie I actually found myself fighting the urge to turn it off the biggest problem from a visual aspect is the fact that the camera work is simply over the top with so many ""arty"" splicings and semi-subliminal cuts throughout the movie that actually distracts you from the from the overall story. It really tries too hard to immerse you in the moment and build to a suspenseful ending but the movie just has so many half conceived characters and non relevant script it just leaves you feeling disappointed and confused as to why they tried to go so deep with it."),-0.6363636363636364
(57119,i wont go and give them my 10 bucks i went and bought the fourth season of the original and the best. At least my kids enjoy it and can watch it without me worrying about what they are seeing. I have a teenager and she thinks the previews are ridiculous and would rather watch the original. And she thinks Jessica Simpson is a horrible daisy in fact she thinks she looks more like a slut than daisy duke. Those shorts she might as well not be wearing anything at all. And since when is American Pie have anything to do with the Dukes SHAME ON them for putting that nasty line in there about having sex with a car. That in itself should have gotten the movie a R rating. The only good thing that might come out of this is a reunion movie with the originals. Lets all hope. So the people out there that went and seen the movie will see how it should have looked),-1.25
(58428,"This is one of those ""so bad it is good"" films that you always hear about but never see! Unlike Troma films which are deliberately bad and campy (and I am not amused) this one is 100% pure serious.<br /><br />However with features such as a supposedly super-lethal killer robot that prances about like one of the Solid Gold Dancers on an acid trip and a magical first mate that calls down lightning and transforms into the Good Witch of the East the fact that it takes itself seriously pushes it so far over the edge of bad that makes it full circle around back to entertaining.<br /><br />Watcheable enough because of that."),-0.16666666666666666
(59436,This has got to be the worst movie I have ever seen. The part where they loose there daughter? with the poltergeist overtone rip off? just pushes it over the edge with stupidity. I watched it on showtime so it still had the cheese soft-core porn scenes in it. I have to say it made me laugh my ass off. The 80's 3d effects were very out of place. Included an invisible cat and a spinning vortex. Wow I wonder if the people who made this actually feel accomplished in life. The actress who plays the wife looks familiar but sucks anyhow. Her screaming could be used as a torture device in hell for more than retired Nazis. Anyways thank you showtime for the super crappy horror movie. I will always enjoy the time I watched the biggest waist of time and money I have ever seen.),-1.0833333333333333
(59457,Bela Lugosi plays Dr. Lorenz who loves his wife so much that he will do anything to keep her young. This film starts off with a wedding as the bride is about to take her vows she suddenly collapses. She is pronounced dead and taken away by undertakers. Trouble is that these are not real undertakers but body snatchers. A wave of bride deaths at the altar and their body disappearing confounds the police. Enter reporter Patricia Hunter to solve the case. She does track down Dr. Lorenz but he also decides to use her youth to keep his wife young also.),-1.0
(59961,"This movie has two new features in relation to the message conveyed by other equally good movies about death penalty and executions. Those are the stress also given to the drama endured by victims' parents -- without for that reason disguising the hatred and desire of revenge they feel or lessening the horror that execution represents -- and the Christian vision of all the questions implied. We must also point out that in this movie the sentenced man is not the usual nice innocent person we see in other movies dealing with executions which doesn't lead us to abandon the idea that a penal execution is no more than a legal murder anyway. Last but not least we must mention the extraordinary emotional weight put on the last moments of the execution course with all the catharsis shown by the convicted's last words and the detail with which the act of the execution itself is viewed in a parallel cut with images of the murder scenes in the forest to stress that we are being confronted with another murder so pitiless as the latter but performed in a cold and supposed ""legal"" way."),-0.5294117647058824
(59981,At first i thought that it was just about Eddie Murphy talking to some stupid animals. I was right. Some people called this movie Eddie Murphy's comeback! Who are these people? Jesus if this is the best he can come up with he can just stay away. What was the story again? I was so annoyed by all the lame jokes i forgot. I should have walked out on this one.),-0.2
(60400,I just watched it for the second time today and I must say with all my heart it is about damn time they made a movie about us as people not as spiritual beings. Such a waste of human life as this story was maybe some good will come out of it. And Eric is hotter than ever. To often in the movies First Nations people are seen as other than everyday people. We are always portrayed as chiefs or medicine people. Hey we are just like everyone else. And this movie showed just that. We hurt when an injustice is done and we can win in quest for justice. It is really to bad that the big movie companies cant see that. I cant wait till this comes out on DVD. Thanks to those who chose to show this story as it really was.),-0.2222222222222222
(61038,The direction struck me as poor man's Ingemar Bergman. The inaudible dialogue was annoying. The somber stoicism that all characters except Banderas' showed made me think they were drugged. I think the director ruined it for me.),-1.75
(61791,I find the critique of many IMDb users a little harsh and in many cases find that they crit the movie from a very professional viewpoint and not that of the guy on the street that wants to sit and watch something just to GET AWAY from it all.<br /><br />In this case however I have to say it was BAD. I am a SciFi junkie and there was NOTHING in this movie that grabbed me for even one second.<br /><br />There was no proper storyline. I may be an idiot but I still do not know where the GOVERNMENT was that was so worried about these pieces.<br /><br />The pathetic attempt by the main character to put together these 3 pieces is scary. Half the time the two pieces were already in place and he simply had to add the third. A 3 year old kid would have been able to put them together.<br /><br />This movie was BAD.<br /><br />Dominic),-2.2
(62835,I remember years ago BBC1 used to show this movie in a very cut form. I tracked it down on video a couple of years ago and viewed it again. The film although slow and slightly odd (the mountain men look very strange) the atmosphere was eerily effective. It's one of my favorite slasher films and I have no idea where an uncut version can be found. Currently deleted everywhere (except the USA where it was accidentally put on a horror compilation!). It's a shame you cannot get this movie as it was meant to be seen. Wrong turn (the recent Stan Winston produced movie) owes a great deal to Just Before Dawn. One of the better 80's slasher films and deserves to be seen by a wider audience.),-0.2222222222222222
(63492,"This did for crime what ""Not Another Teen Movie"" did for school. I laughed all the way through as 2 inept gangs warred with each other and among themselves. An unsubtle comedy using overt jokes and gags that kept me rolling all the way. I suppose the biggest gag in the entire film was that time never seemed to go forward leaving the characters trapped in the 30's."),-0.5
(64639,this is by far the most pathetic movie Indian cinema or any cinema has come up with.it is totally a piece of crap.the story line odes not hold any water. it is shameful that such a respectful actor has stooped to such a low on making such a disgraceful movie. the little respect he had is lost forever. he should have retired longtime ago instead of making a fool of himself and loosing all the self respect. i would not recommend this movie to any one. furthermore i would suggest that Amitabh should retire already. I wonder how IMDb has given some recommendations to this movie. there are no movies so horrible that any recommendations could be made. seeing such movies as Devdas in the same line as this movie does a grave injustice to a decent movie. its overall i could say shameless.),-1.6666666666666667
(64678,"(The beginning might be a spoiler...)<br /><br />""The Eye 2"" is the sequel to ""The Eye"". It's about a pregnant woman who is able to see ghosts and spirits after an incident happened to her.<br /><br />The sound effects scared the hell out of me though momentarily but that's the only scary thing. Some of the scenes from the prequel are comparatively similar and repeated so the chilling effects certainly have chilled. <br /><br />""The Eye"" has quite a frightening and indelible impression whereas ""The Eye 2"" is a forgettable horror-cum-drama film. Omit watching this. Watching ""The Eye"" is good enough."),-1.5
(64686,This was probably the worst movie i have ever seen in my life!! It was stupid there was no plot and the special affects were ridiculous!! And i have never seen such bad acting in my life! The only good part about the movie were all the hot guys(especially Drew Fuller). I don't know what these people were thinking when they made this movie!! I didn't even want to finish the whole thing because you get to this point in the movie where the guys are all in bed touching themselves. I mean it was like some kind of sick and twisted kiddy porn! I would advise anyone who has heard of this movie and was interested in seeing it to just forget about it and find another movie to watch! I was very disappointed!! The whole movie was a complete waste of time in my opinion.),-0.25
(65448,This movie was terrible. It was so very terrible.<br /><br />Most annoying was the way the trial was conducted. The defense attorney is allowed to ramble on and on when questioning a witness without the prosecution making any objections. He attacks the children brought to give testimony with cruel ferociousness and repeatedly yells at them that they're lying. These just aren't things that they subject children who have been sexually abused to. The trial is silly and it ruins the whole movie...(Law & Order has spoiled me for courtroom accuracy-ness).),-1.75
(66195,Lets be realistic here. This is one of the worst shows I have ever seen. My Wife and Kids showed real promise in its first season and only went down hill after that. It is so bad that words do not describe. The acting and writing are so dreadful on a consistent basis I wonder if Damon Wayans was producing such an atrocious show on purpose. From top to bottom every performance is ridiculous. Damon Wayans completely phones it in and George Gore II is so horrible I cringe at every over-acted line. Can anyone really watch this show and find it to be entertaining let alone funny? Please I implore you. Do not watch this show. As soon as TV affiliates stop picking this up in syndication we can finally be rid of this absolute garbage.),-1.1111111111111112
(68735,I remember I saw this cartoon when I was 6 or 7. My grandfather picked up the video of it for free at the mall. I remember that it really sucked. The plot had no sense. I hated the fox that became Casper's friend. He was so stupid! Casper cried his head off if he couldn't find a friend. So what? Get over it! The only good part and I don't want to sound mean-spirited was when the fox got shot and died at the end. I laughed my head off in payback because this cartoon sucked so much. The bad news is the fox resurrects and becomes a ghost. I wish he had stayed dead. I think I even gave the video of this to somebody because I hated it. No wonder they were offering it for free at the mall. If you have a child don't let them watch this. They will probably agree with me that it sucks.),-0.46153846153846156
(69640,Only if you are crazy about Amber Smith should you see this. Besides her svelte body there is pretty much nothing in terms of cinematic value. She even has a lesbian scene in this one. My guess is she is trying to metamorphize into those late night scream queens ala Shannon Tweed and Julie Strain.),-1.0
(69848,Hello Dave Burning Paradise is a film for anyone who likes Jackie Chan and Indiana Jones. The films main protagonist is most definitely the bastard son of these two strange fathers. As for the other characters well they are familiar transformations of similar action film stereotypes. Where this film is original is in the blending of the traditional Hong Kong movie style with the Hollywood action adventure. Sadly this has not been true of the films he has made in Hollywood.),-0.5
(70981,Nicely done evil little comedy pitting the FBI against organized crime with a nice lady caught in the middle. The actress who played the jealous wife of the mob boss 'Tony the Tiger' almost stole the show with her raging tantrums. 3 stars),-0.8
(71157,"The mood of this movie is pretty good and it captures the feel of the 80's well with some good performances.<br /><br />However..... <br /><br />The script is run of the mill with the exception of a couple of comedic moments and comes off as being weird where I expect it was intended to be edgy. The characters are totally over dramatized and unbelievable and full of right wing clichés that the script writer probably saw watching a panorama documentary on the national front. The biggest problem is this movie has no real story. It ticks all the right ""arty"" boxes but nothing actually happens and at the end you are left wondering what the point was.<br /><br />Very disappointing"),-0.125
(71552,A brutally straightforward tale of murder and capital punishment by the state. So painfully slow and accurate in the description of capital punishment (from the preparation of the gallow to the victim p***ing in his own pants before dying) it has the power to change your mind about death penalty. The whole Dekalog originated from this story: the Dekalog screenwriter was the powerless lawyer unsuccessfully trying to defend and then console the accused.),-2.25
(71859,I watched this film on the advice of a friend who assured me it was one of the funniest things he'd ever seen. Sadly this person is completely lacking a sense of humour and I was forced to endure two hours of the worst film making I have ever seen. Please do not watch this film. 1/10),-0.6666666666666666
(75638,This is absolutely beyond question the worst movie I have ever seen. It is so bad in fact that I plan on renting it again as soon as I can find it. This movie makes 'Plan 9 From Outer Space' look like an Oscar contender. Just LOOKING at the actors makes me want to laugh out loud. I cannot say enough bad things about this movie. It's awfulness aproaches perfection.<br /><br />The plot is based on a terrorist attack with a nuclear weapon in San Francisco (I think). That's as far as I can go ... I am laughing too hard. I know it shouldn't be funny but ..... *LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL*<br /><br />MOVE OVER ED WOOD !!!<br /><br />Regard's *DATo*),-0.1111111111111111
(75780,the director of this movie must have been mentally ill or even high ... when he accepted to direct this movie... ... i'd rather stare at my ceiling for 5 hours straight instead of being ... punished to watch that stupid movie ... my parents make me watch it as punishment...... ... Don't WATCH IT !!! the director of this movie must have been mentally ill or even high ... when he accepted to direct this movie... ... i'd rather stare at my ceiling for 5 hours straight instead of being ... punished to watch that stupid movie ... my parents make me watch it as punishment...... ... Don't WATCH IT !!! the director of this movie must have been mentally ill or even high ... when he accepted to direct this movie... ... i'd rather stare at my ceiling for 5 hours straight instead of being ... punished to watch that stupid movie ... my parents make me watch it as punishment...... ... Don't WATCH IT !!!),-0.8
(75900,"my friend made me watch this awful film.. ugh.. it was so stupid... <br /><br />its about some black guy who gets a plane company and turns it into a stupid pimp thing<br /><br />with snoop dog acting as pilot for god knows why.. this movie is trashing white people and having many racist stereotypical events making fun of <br /><br />Asains white people and trying to make the movie seem like all black people are cool pimps and all white people a losers... and black people get all the girls blah blah blah and so forth..<br /><br />i despise my friend for making me watch this movie.. i kept saying ""GOD TURN IT OFF!!"" and he's like ""NO I BET SOMETHING FUNNY IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN"" we did end up finally turning it off half way through.. thank god...<br /><br />i recommend this movie to people with very very poor taste in humor.."),-0.14285714285714285
(75986,"This stuffy melodrama is quite easily the worst film starring Ingrid Bergman that I've seen. Even her luminous screen presence can't save this insufferably slow and meandering movie that's nearly impossible to sit through without fast-forwarding a lot of it.<br /><br />Only for die-hard Bergman fans; others are very likely to fall asleep. I suggest you to watch ""For Whom the Bell Tolls"" instead."),-0.5
(76203,A movie best summed up by the scene where a victim simulates disembowelment by pulling some poor animal's intestines out from under her T-shirt. Too terrible for words.),-1.25
(76640,"Very violent and nicely filmed movie. Paulina is a bad sexy girl who will show that men can be raped too. This movie has lots of black humor. This guy will kill anybody just to forget he used to be a gangster. There will be sometimes when you wouldn't know whether to shiver or to smile and think ""Am I laughing at someone who is killing people?"""),-0.875
(77174,David Duchovny plays the lead role in this film.Now a lot of people upon finding that fact out wouldn't even bother watching it.Very unfair to say the least.David made his name on the x-files and is a decent actor. Dr Eugene Sands(Duchovny)is a drug addicted doctor struck off for malpractice.By sheer accident he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom.However the FBI take an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom. Angelina Jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare-the gangsters moll.She puts in a solid performance. Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is superb and immersed himself deeply into his character. Duchovny himself isn't as bad as many people would think and in the end i would rate his performance his credible.His familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present but dosen't detract too much from the film),-0.2727272727272727
(77934,The daytime TV of films. Seldom have I felt so little attachment to characters. Seldom have I been made to cringe by such dire dialogue. Nauseous London thirty-somethings mincing round lurid BBC sets spouting platitudinous mulch. Avoid this film as if it were your grandmother's clunge.),-3.0
(77951,The movie starts little cute. There are a number of revolting scenes. People in toilets. GOOD actors wasted and the original television series has all but ruined here. This did not need to be crude.<br /><br />Forget it. Find the tv show. Disney at new low.),-2.0
(78373,I have a two year old son who suffers from the same condition as Jonny Kennedy. I never got the chance to meet him but I have never heard anybody say a bad word about him. I hope he knows how much the making of this programme has helped his fellow sufferers by raising awareness of this terrible condition. This man has touched people in a way that a million charity leaflets could not. I believe that this should be compulsory viewing in schools. I also agree with other comments - what have I got to moan about? He took everything that life could throw at him and still managed to retain a sense of humour. God Bless. I couldn't watch the part that showed his dressings being changed. I have enough trouble with my son's.),-0.875
(79777,alright this movie might have been good if there was a plot behind it. the title didn't even fit the it after the first ten minutes. the wind didn't have a whole lot to do with the rest of the movie. the acting was sub-par and the writing reminded me of something you would read in a children's book of scary stories. <br /><br />as far as horror movies go this shouldn't even be classified as one. this was a disgrace to horror and thriller fans everywhere. I hate to be so harsh but I felt I want the time I spent watching this movie back. hopefully there will not be a follow up to this. this movie should be locked in a vault and never released to the public for viewing.),-0.25
(81220,"A lot of people unfairly sh!t on this series but several of the Guinea Pig videos are fairly entertaining. Devil's Experiment in particular has some really fantastic effects work--not just the infamous eyeball scene but also a very realistic skin slice on the foot and a hand breaking with a sledgehammer are very realistic--especially for the video's vintage and low-budget.<br /><br />Let me start at the beginning now for those who don't know: This film is an ""extreme"" torture/fake snuff film that surfaced in Japan in the mid-80s. It's plot as it stands is simple: A young girl is held by a few men and forced to undergo a series of brutal tortures to see where her breaking point is. This entails brutal violence--all effectively realistic effects including the ones mentioned in the last paragraph as well as a painful looking application of hot oil to the captive girl's arm and placing of maggots in the subsequent flaky wound.<br /><br />The least effective sequences are at the very beginning of the video and consist of an unconvincing slap session where three men take turns slapping the hell out of the girl as her head falls about and a second sequence where the three men take turns kicking the girl and pushing her to the ground. These two scenes are obviously staged and detract from the realism of the rest of the proceedings.<br /><br />The actress who plays the victim of the ""experiment"" is pretty convincing at being in pain and takes a good amount of abuse and rough stuff on camera. Her reactions as she has headphones strapped to her head and loud noises are played for hours on end are chilling. Some of the other abuse she takes is being strung up in a net from a tree during the only times she is given a rest. Also there is a disturbing scene where the giggling captors through guts at her and one other disgustingly sleazy scene where she is spun in an office chair and forced to drink a bottle of Jack Daniels till she pukes.<br /><br />If you haven't seen this series I hope I have helped you decide whether or not you want to give this episode a shot. 8.5/10 for Devil's Experiment."),-0.5
(82505,This movie was the most out of line and liberally fed movie i have ever seen in my life. (Besides Farenheit 9/11). All of the information was only supported on the opinion of FIVE scientists while 80% of the Asssociated Press highly criticize the science promoted be Gore. Global Warming is a Mass Media Hysteria and nothing more. Most of the information in the movie was either misquoted or it was wrong all together. THis movie has been investigated over and over again and has been shown evidence against that prove its lies were nothing but lies.<br /><br />LIBERAL BLINDNESS! An to think that they show this in school proves that the media has brainwashed us into believing this garbage!),-0.25
(82532,This was the third remake of SLEEPING WITH THE ENIEMY After YAARANA(1995) and AGNISAKSHI(1996)<br /><br />AGNISAKSHI was the only one which worked and was a better film<br /><br />DARAAR is directed by Abbas Mustan who sadly failed in their attempt here<br /><br />the story was good but the handling wasn't that good and the heroine was shown too regressive and the climax too was disappointing<br /><br />Direction is bad Music is good<br /><br />Rishi reprises his role of YAARANA(strangely which also was a remake of SWTE) and looks too fat for the lead and is okay Juhi is decent while Arbaaz tries too hard in his debut and does manage in many scenes to chill the audiences but his voice was terrible Johny is too loud),-0.4444444444444444
(82533,I will give it a second chance but was very disappointed in the first one. It wouldn't hold a candle to the other series. It has a lot of meaningless dialog that doesn't add to the storyline at all. I agree with the others that it doesn't seem to develop a story that is interesting. It is slow and plodding and I only know what the Comanches are planning to do. Maybe it will all tie together in the second installment but I am going to have to force myself to watch it and find out. I am of apache heritage from the Texas/New Mexico area but I don't recognize much of what is happening. Maybe I am just ignorant of the facts but this isn't doing much to educate me.),-0.6
(83860,Nemesis 3 is the worst movie what I have ever seen!!! I think that Nemesis 3 was only 30 minutes long. And that movie was so boo-oo-ring. When that movie ends and I saw word: NEMESIS 4... I thought I will...NOT watch that movie never again.),-3.0
(84184,"""May contain spoilers"" Sadly Lou Costellos' last film has the distinction of being slightly better than Abbott & Costello's last movie together ""Dance With Me Henry"". This movie isn't all in all outright terrible it is an amusing career misfire. Dorothy Provine is nice to look at and makes the movie somewhat bearable. You can't blame Lou Costello for this because a major studio released it which meant somebody had to give it the ""green"" light. In my opinion Lou Costello was getting over problems of his own losing his son a few years earlier and the unwarranted attacks from the IRS. If you look at the last 3-4 Abbott & Costello movies you can notice the magic was gone. Check out ""Dance With Me Henry"" now that's a painful movie to watch."),-0.8571428571428571
(85860,This film is the greatest ninja film ever made in my opinion and if you haven't seen it then its worth watching. I would rate this film a 10/10 if you want to see more then check out http://uk.geocities.com/ninja3thedomination The opening sequence where the evil ninja is killing everyone in his way is excellent his character is the best. He then has to possesses ayoung woman who finds him dying. She then has to take revenge on the cops that killed him which means there's more killing and action. But only a ninja can destroy a ninja so she and her boyfriend who is also one of her targets enlist the help of Yamad(Sho Kosugi) to release the evil ninjas spirit and destroy him.),-0.7857142857142857
(86834,"This was a big disappointment for me. I think this is the worst Mastroianni-movie ever made. Cosmatos tries too hard to make this movie a masterpiece and that makes this movie a typical ""art""-movie. I give 4/10 for this movie."),-0.2
(89540,I only watched this film from beginning to end because I promised a friend I would. It lacks even unintentional entertainment value that many bad films have. It may be the worst film I have ever seen. I'm surprised a distributor put their name on it.),-1.6666666666666667
(100241,They've shown i twice in a very short time now here in Sweden and I am so very tired of it. The bad acting isn't enough... The story itself is so boring and the effects hardly exists. I love the original from 1953 so I recommend you to go and rent that one instead. Because this one is such a bore.),-0.6
(100402,The first one was different and funny. This attempt should have never left the studio. This movie does not make you laugh. It is a weak attempt at gross out humor. The movie picks out current and old movies to rip-off. This time the jokes seem used and overdone. The audience that I saw it with only re-acted to Hannibal dinner scene and was otherwise asleep.),-0.6666666666666666
(101173,this is the worst movie ive ever seen. And i have seen lots of movies. Me and my friends rented this one a wendsday evening. Man we had lots of fun. This movie is the worst most boring crap ive ever seen. But it makes you laugh! U will lay on the floor rolling around tryin to get some air. You wonder why? Just rent it and check for the keyboard playing girl at that sleazy russian bar. My mother would make a 1000 times better movie about her feedin the cats.),-2.0
(101267,I was browsing through the movies on demand and saw Underdog for free and it was only 82 minutes long so I decided to watch it. I wasn't expecting much but it exceeded my expectations of being awful. Everything about the movie was cringe worthy. The dialogue was atrocious including many terrible puns. The jokes were also terrible. I found myself yelling and flipping off my television screen while I was suffering through this trash. It hit its target audience very well but I don't see how anyone else could enjoy this film. It made me very angry and nearly cry because of everything terrible this film had going for it.<br /><br />The only enjoyable thing about this movie was being able to give it a 1/10 after viewing it. I beg you to avoid it at all costs. I understand the fact that its made for kids but there is nothing likable about it at all.),-0.9
(107846,I normally love Jackie Chan movies but this one was terrible. There are only 2 or 3 fight scenes all of which are up to normal standard more or less. The bad thing about this movie is it focuses a lot on car chasing/racing. The car chase isn't so bad (though not as exciting as fighting) but the car racing at the end is exceptionally boring. Basically it takes all of things that make a Jackie Chan film a Jackie Chan film and leaves out everything except Jackie Chan. Even the traditional outtakes at the end lack their usual humour.<br /><br />I suppose to a certain extent it was made worse by the fact I saw one of those horrible dubbed versions. I usually try to see the subtitled version...I wish I could understand Chinese.<br /><br />I've only seen one Jackie film worse that this one and that was one of his early forays into Hollywood films that didn't turn out so well.<br /><br />Avoid unless really curious or a lover of motor sports.),-0.75
(109443,Kurosawa is a proved humanitarian. This movie is totally about people living in poverty. You will see nothing but angry in this movie. It makes you feel bad but still worth. All those who's too comfortable with materialization should spend 2.5 hours with this movie.),-1.3333333333333333
(112430,I am truly beginning to believe that Seagal is on a mission to see how crappy his films could become.This particular movie was a complete and utter waste of time to see.My first complaint was the cover of the DVD where they have doctored his pic and made him look slimmer and younger when in the film he looks like crap.He has his big pot belly and double chin going for him and the most miserable and bored look on his face.<br /><br />The whole plot was ridiculous to begin with and drawn out way too long.The whole film was leading up to the finale where Seagal and his team had to take on a bunch of people under the influence of a top secret military chemical adrenaline enhancer.There was way too much useless dialogue and not to mention the ridiculous and constant dubbing of Seagals voice even in the middle of a statement.The dubbed voice sounded like a man with a frog in his throat and was quite comical.<br /><br />The fight scenes in the film were horrible.Half the time when Seagal fought you could not even see what was going on.There would be tight shots of him flapping his arms at the camera and then the person flying through a wall or something.It was reminiscent of the old Kung Fu series on television.They used way too much slow motion for the fight scenes.<br /><br />I believe this is Seagals worst film to date and I am glad I did not purchase this film or I would have been very upset since I am a huge fan of Seagal the Aikidoist.The action star is quickly fading away and seems to be getting worse with every performance.),-0.5555555555555556
(115210,What can I say after I say the one line summary. Sandra does a credible job but what with the bad direction and story line it can't save it. Way too much pre occupation with guns. How can the Hollywood types rant about the need for gun control in our society and spend so much time and film footage focused on guns?? It's just worse than expected.),-1.0
(121826,his has to surely be one of the worst gay-themed films of all time. Who told any of the so-called actors that they can act. Bad sound - bad script - gestures so overboard that they defy reality. A nightclub scene with only one actor and dubbed crowd scenes.<br /><br />After seeing other low budget films similarly made I was prepared for something innovative - but not plain pathetic.<br /><br />Parents and friends really should not encourage anyone to make such tripe.<br /><br />And the DVD - No menu access; its worse than a VHS tape. Once you start you have to watch the whole thing through - luckily the fast forward button works - with this film and DVD nothing else does.),-0.14285714285714285
(127560,"Did someone find the plot somewhere in the film?. Perhaps it is the thing missing in this pretentious exercise of cinema about cinema. It is quite surprising that Gordon says that ""A movie without a plot is nothing""... It is possible that characters have more to say that the own Wim Wenders. Was this phrase in the original plot or the actor decided to send a hint to the director?."),-2.0
(130150,Could someone please explain to me the reason for making this movie? Sad is about all I can say; this movie took absolutely no direction and wound up with me shaking my head. What an awful waste of two hours. Noth should be ashamed of himself for taking money for this piece of garbage.),-1.2
(130150,This was the WORST movie I have ever seen! Molly (molly hall) could not act AT ALL! she had no emotion it was all blah blah blah like she was reading out of a boring text book. The smart kid and the kid who loves food (there names weren't worth remembering) were so annoying it drove me crazy.When ever the talked it was about some scientific thing or food. Mollys Dad didn't show enough emotion about his daughter missing. The police officer and Mollys dad said the same thing like four times. it was just horrible. Everything was repeated way to much. Beatrice should have had something bad happen to her for being so mean. I just wasted a moment in my life by watching this movie!),-0.8333333333333334
(133931,This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen. What were they thinking. Stop preaching to me already! This is why all of us watch Walker Texas Ranger and wont admit it to our friends. Terrible acting and a extremely phony plot. While the movie is unfolding the story stops and the actors start preaching to the audience. The director somehow believed the two meshed well. It looked like crap! When I saw the title at my local blockbusters it looked interesting. Their should have been a warning on it saying it was religious instead of the false advertisement of an action / adventure. First time in a long time I stopped a movie and couldn't tolerate finishing it.),-1.1666666666666667
(138697,just watched it on sky TV missed the first half an hour. i did wonder if it was a true story so watched it to the end. there was no brief at the end to say what happened to everyone. it did remind me of speed but at the end of the day i don't suppose it was released at the cinema as we did see the following error. the goof that we saw was that they remove the bonnet (hood) and then later on there are two shots of the car with the police car in front trying to slow it down when the bonnet is back on. it did have me on the edge of my seat especially when i thought the baby was going to hit the bridge and of course when the bridge wasn't going to be lowered and then it was. I'm afraid i did burst into tears so it wasn't that bad!!!!),-1.0
(138697,"There is this girl and she's running in the woods but she ends up at this woman's clinic and she wants an abortion. Her daddy is outside in a van and he is all angry about it. The whole episode takes place in and outside of this abortion clinic. I'm not really pro-choice but I wanted the choice to kill this episode. I was laughing when I saw the baby come out and it went into the corner. The part where they were doing the ultra sound was pretty funny too. I was really feeling sorry for the poor dad in this episode. He just wanted to protect his daughter and I couldn't really blame him for what he did. I don't know what happened to him at the end or what happened to the other father and daughter in the waiting room. I was just laughing too hard and I would suggest watching ""Pick me up"" instead of this episode. It wasn't the worst episode but it wasn't that great."),-0.46153846153846156
(146203,it was the worst ending i have ever seen if some one can please tell me how and why the last chick goes crazy and eats the old women in the end. why dose the movie have all those cheap crappy scares in it in the beginning but yet when the first person dies they kill them all off in 5 minutes! most of the people could act but i do give so credit to the porn stars they did their best. also it had a couple funny parts and kills like when the care taker gets his organs riped out of his ass and then gets choked with it. if this movie had an ending that could make any since i would have given it a 8 out of 10 but the ending made no since. the ending sucked but the rest was great),-0.5
(146233,This movie has some of the worst acting that I have ever seen! Some scenes are original such as the nails coming through the floor. This nail trap catches these bad guys. The rest of the movie degrades as you go. I can't believe that this movie is not even in the bottom 100 movies of all time. I also can't believe that there are sequels! The next crap movie that I want to watch is R.O.T.O.R. Could R.O.T.O.R really be much worse than this?<br /><br />),-2.0
(146269,I fail to understand why you would give this film anything over 4... Fair enough it does take me back to the 80s and to the 'good old days of horror comedy' but that genre has not got any better since then - it is still so 'LAME Low budget - low tech - bad acting - bad story line - not at all scary and not funny enough... in fact there is not much good I could say about it. The so called monsters are just hideously bad! I mean we have gone back in time to when they used to make the monsters out of plasticine and shoot the scenes fame by frame... I really fail to understand why someone would invest any money in order to make this script to a film - but I guess it might have been almost OK if it had been a bigger budget film.<br /><br />Recommendation would be - please do not make the mistake of wasting your time on this unless if you wish to get tips for a bad Halloween make up! Personally I enjoy independent films and anything outside the box but this just did not do it for me in the least.),-0.375
(147773,How this character ever got hired by the post office is far beyond me. The test that postal workers take is so difficult. There is no way that a guy this stupid can work at the post office. Everyone in this movie is just stupid and that is probably the point of the movie. How they could go their entire lives and not see an elevator is also puzzling. I didn't take this movie too seriously but it was so stupid. Then he tries to start the car without his keys? Lots of horrible scenes and horrible acting and this movie is not funny at all. It's just a sad stupid mess. I liked the moms dress though.<br /><br />Send it back to sender as soon as possible.),-1.0
(152747,This movie is terrible. It's about some no brain surfin dude that inherits some company. Does Carrot Top have no shame?<br /><br />),-1.0
(152760,Caught this movie on the tube on a Sunday. I thought it was so bad I looked it up on IMDb to see what others thought of it. I was not surprised at the amount of silly people who enjoyed this fluff. I was however surprised when I looked into the comments to read the Hated It categories only to find that their were none. I was shocked at this; I always look at the hated it's as their are always those who hate a movie no matter how good it is. Somehow this movie made it through unscathed by the haters I say nay to that and proclaim proudly that I HATE THIS MOVIE! I know I should go into detail about why I hate this movie but to do so would only grant this movie more respect than it deserves.),-1.0
(157909,This TVM seems to have polarised opinions amongst the commentators on this page so perhaps I can settle everything by saying this is a very stupid not very well made television movie . How bad is it ? It's a teleplay that can't even decide what its name is because while everyone in America calls it LINDA it's known in Britain as LUST FOR MURDER and it's usually a bad sign when a movie has to change its name . And can I also point out that it's not a tongue in cheek spoof as somebody else claimed <br /><br />I will be honest and say the plot is rather sound . Linda and Paul Cowley meet another couple called the Jeffries who they get on very well with . They get on so well that they go on holiday together ( Make up your own mind if there's some wife swapping going on ) and Paul sees his wife kill the Jeffries . After that the plot takes a shock twist <br /><br />Writing the above paragraph I have suddenly realised the large amount of potential the story had and I won't say anything to put you off the premise . It's just that when the story continues after the events I've described things become more and more unlikely and bizarre . Not only that but the production values are fairly unimpressive with the actor playing Paul Cowley doing a very wooden voice over that irritates while most of the scenes - Exterior and interior - look like they've been filmed on a foggy day),-1.375
(159770,"five minutes after watching this i logged on to IMDb to warn all of you out there not to bother with this movie... genre:horror? it had moments of mild suspense and throughout the whole movie i was thinking to myself ""somethings gotta happen soon"" it did not...when the movie ended i felt so embarrassed for the writer/director i've never been the biggest fan of patrick rea this guy just does not know how to make movies and after watching this sorry excuse of a horror flick i've gone from not been the biggest fan to will not watch another of his works..<br /><br />i was taken in by the plot summary please don't make the same mistake.<br /><br />i gave this movie a 2 for the actors..they were not bad and it wasn't there fault they got such bad direction..."),-0.7
(167073,Horrible movie. This movie beat out revenge of the living zombies for the WORST movie I have ever suffered through. What the !@$% were the morons who made this film thinking. Was it supposed to be scary. Because man let me tall you it wasn't. It was so dumb it wasn't funny. We all know that tropical islands are the natural hunting grounds for killer snowmen. And those stupid baby snowballs. Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid. Fake snow and lousy actors. OH and frost looks nothing like he does on the box. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME. REnt it and destroy it.),-1.1666666666666667
(170687,This movie is not for the faint or weak of heart. It couldn't decide if it was going to be porn or legit. It was neither one. It was just bad. There was nothing in this movie to make me want to see anything else made by these people again.),-0.5
(172391,"This episode sucks.<br /><br />Over the past few years I have watched all episodes of ""Next Generation"" and ""Voyager"" and am now watching ""Enterprise"".<br /><br />I am thoroughly enjoying this series. Until this episode. I stared at the screen in horror at the destruction of character and entertainment. It is more like an attempt at slapstick.<br /><br />It does not build the characters but throws them out on a limb - and leaves the audience gasping. It does little to build the series.<br /><br />Why this was ever allowed to go to air amazes me. Was it the writing? Was it the directing? Was it the producer? We'll probably never know.<br /><br />But one bad apple isn't bad I suppose. I say that hoping it is only one."),-0.14285714285714285
(175541,"This film is really a big piece of trash trying to make itself look like a Hollywood production.Poor story outline(stupid robot story)...ultra bad acting by untalented pop idols...and they are trying to""FIGHT""!!!My goodness...those miserable actors uses wires to make them look like they are ""good fighters""...:(and I hate that arrogant Edison Chen...the worst actor I have ever seen!!!I will never touch his movies again.AVOID this movie at all costs!!!I wanted to give it a negative value out of ten...not even worth a 0/10."),-0.6666666666666666
(176124,My sincere advice to all: don't watch the movie.<br /><br />Don't even go near to the theater where this movie is being played!! even a glimpse of it is bad for health. serious. no jokes. it's 3.30 am in the morning. and i returned from this crappiest movie on this universe. FOUR HOURS DAMN!!! I am proud that i survived after all of it! If this is called survival.<br /><br />i am highly frustrated. annoyed. disappointed. it was sheer waste of time! money went in drain! no plot. Hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with no memories of this night!! RUBBISH MOVIE.<br /><br />Happy Republic day to one and all :)),-0.125
(181330,black tar can't be snorted there's a documentary: dark end of the street about s.f. street punks and b.t. abuse - not bad - quite heavy. in wasted there's this stuff that looks like coke but should be something else... no big deal. black tar can't be snorted there's a documentary: dark end of the street about s.f. street punks and b.t. abuse - not bad - quite heavy. in wasted there's this stuff that looks like coke but should be something else... no big deal. black tar can't be snorted there's a documentary: dark end of the street about s.f. street punks and b.t. abuse - not bad - quite heavy. in wasted there's this stuff that looks like coke but should be something else... no big deal.),-1.0
(188166,The daytime TV of films. Seldom have I felt so little attachment to characters. Seldom have I been made to cringe by such dire dialogue. Nauseous London thirty-somethings mincing round lurid BBC sets spouting platitudinous mulch. Avoid this film as if it were your grandmother's clunge.),-3.0
(188652,Did I waste my time. This is very pretentious film. In the beginning you will think there's something going on but by the time some 30 minutes go by you realize nothing is happening. I waited for another 20 minutes and by then i was so frustrated that I started reading reviews on IMDb and realized that the director has wasted precious time of so many people. <br /><br />Unbelievably boring pointless film. Stay away. So many good soundtracks. I will give one point for the police inspector joke because that worked for me. I laughed for a long time but otherwise a very bad film. Stay away.1 on 10.),-0.625
(188927,I watched this film few times and all i can say that this is low budget rubbish and that it does not have anything to do with a real history facts. Actors performances is very poor but it is result of limited acting possibilities. Anyone who watched this film now probably think of Hitler as some crazy skinny lunatic who running with a gun like some Chicago gangster. I can only to say that there is much better films about Hitler and Germany in those years and that Rise of evil is very much under average. I can recommend German film Downfall in which you can see brilliant performance of Switzerland actor Bruno Ganz in a roll of Adolf Hitler.),-0.2
(188927,"This could be a cute movie for kids My grandson watched it once. he was watching it a second time I was watching some of it with him.<br /><br />When the little bear gets lost on the ice burg and he is in the water he is trying to get to a piece of ice it says ""Come back stupid ass fool"".<br /><br />I don't want my 3 year old grandson watching movies with words like this in it.<br /><br />That is why its rated for children. Should be child friendly. That is what I would expect. put out by warner brothers and G rated I would expect this to not have cuss words in it. The words don't even fit the movie in most places as it seems added later. And the movie drags out in many parts."),-0.6666666666666666
(192210,from the start of this movie you soon become aware that the name of the film has nothing to do with the movie itself from watching a naked woman being chased by people in very silly masks to servants running round in the worst clothing I've ever seen and all this in subtitles makes this the kind of movie you should think twice about seeing and as the film slowly moves along you soon realise that the vampire is not a vampire you got to wonder where the title came from some parts of the film made a bit of sense with Pierre and is father but as the film gets to its really silly ending you have got to think why end a film this way and surly they had a better ending if only in there heads this is not a film to watch basically),-0.2
(199933,"For a movie that gets no respect there sure are a lot of memorable quotes listed for this gem. Imagine a movie where Joe Piscopo is actually funny! Maureen Stapleton is a scene stealer. The Moroni character is an absolute scream. Watch for Alan ""The Skipper"" Hale jr. as a police Sgt."),-1.0
(208134,This movie starts really good.<br /><br />After half of the movie it wraps to a religious Christian crap.<br /><br />Some really Christian with psycho problems are talking about good and believe in Christ - or you go to hell.<br /><br />Don't watch it - it's pure propaganda and its pure wrong ...<br /><br />This movie starts really good.<br /><br />After half of the movie it wraps to a religious Christian crap.<br /><br />Some really Christian with psycho problems are talking about good and believe in Christ - or you go to hell.<br /><br />Don't watch it - it's pure propaganda and its pure wrong ...),-0.75
(209263,"A top contender for worst film ever made. Joanna Pakula's character seems to have an I.Q. of 3 which is only one less than the writer and director. The screenplay would not have passed in a high school writing class; the ""jokes"" are juvenile; the concept corny. These performers were obviously desperate for work. I stayed to the end only to see if it would get worse. It did. Life is too short to spend any part of it watching this film."),-0.6
(222649,This movie is the worst movie i have ever seen... it is humorous how bad it is.. the entire time i was watching it i half expected music to start and the doctor starts dancing..(i've seen porno's with a better plot) When the raptor was trying to get in the door i think someone was throwing a plastic doll against the door from about 2 feet away. But as i said it is so bad you need to watch it so that you can see just how bad it is me explaining it isn't going to do anything compared to if you watch it .. i don't recommend renting it but if it comes on TV watch it for about 30min just to see what i mean. I couldn't watch more than 30min but if you can sit through the whole thing then you have some good willpower),-0.375
(225565,"Not as bad as 1992's ""Nails"" (where Hopper plays an ""unstable"" cop) but pretty bad. How can a movie with such a great cast go so wrong? This film manages to find a way. The story was pretty stupid and Hopper's direction seemed like he had never directed before. All of the long shots in the beginning were bothersome. Lots of meaningless scenes with a lot of meaningless dialogue."),-0.4444444444444444
(227783,I love watching steven seagal movies not because of the action of the great plot holes but just because it makes me laugh<br /><br />oh it makes me laugh so hard this movie totally got no point and is ridiculous compared to this movie Pearl harbor rocks!!! and Ben affleck need no acting school at all just to give a impression how bad it is<br /><br />first off all there so many goofs and bad acting its just getting worse like when steven is try to get out of jail a chopper lands at first the security notice and they led them land when they fly away all of the sudden a guard start shooting<br /><br />or when he killed that guy in the car he and treach both walk away you can't see no oil on the ground behind him steven notice that there is oil without even watching treach trows a lighter and the car blows up<br /><br />and there are plenty of more goofs Steven uses his basic action when someone is pointing a gun at him he grabs it and shoot him totally bullshit!!! like some gangster would let that ever happen.<br /><br />the acting is also very worse at the fight scene in the jail outdoor place you can see steven clearly wait to come in action just rewind it a couple of time and you notice the bad acting<br /><br />its just makes me laugh i hope one day it comes to the cinema's here in Holland then i'll go there with as many friends as possible just to laugh my self to death),-0.5833333333333334
(228967,As an avid cinema go-er i felt that whilst i was ranking my favourite movies i felt it only fair to rank my most hated films.<br /><br />I'm afraid i really have nothing positive to say about this movie. It is in fact one of only two films that i have ever walked out on. In fairness I went back and watched the movie again to give it another chance and sat through it only to wish that i should have stayed away.<br /><br />The sad thing is the movie has a really decent cast and crew...but then even the brightest stars in Hollywood cant bring a dead duck of a script to life.<br /><br />Stay away...Save yourself from this truly woeful 'film' 1/10),-0.18181818181818182
(241239,A man is builing a hotel with a partner. He finds out the hotel is over-insured. Things just get worse. This film has a huge mumber of scenes. They must have been put together in someones' sleep. It jumps around from place to place. It does not stay focused on anything for very long. The ending starts on christmas morning with a hotel fire. It then cuts to a night scene of that fire and then cuts back to day time. The DVD sound track is horrible. It takes a fair plot and turns into the worst film I have scene in a long time.),-0.2857142857142857
(242083,"Discovery Channel/Animal Planet must be ashamed of themselves. This Fantasy is modeled after the ""Walking with Dinosuars"" series. Even though this is 100% fantasy it is presented in the same factual and archaeological way. Even mixing the fantasy dragons with T-rexs and the extinction of the dinos. Added to being shown on an educational channel instead of say Sci-Fi it gives an air of factual authenticity to this show.<br /><br />On its own the show is about an 7.5/10 far as entertainment goes. But the way in which it is presented I have to give it a 1/10. Don't get me wrong I have no problem with fantasy but they way they put this out is so wrong. I can really see young kids and slow adults believing that they did find a dragon and that this is real.<br /><br />I also think this weakens the great ""Walking with Dinosuars"" series because now you have to view that with a mind of how much is fantasy on that mini-series."),-0.8
(244339,Steve Smith has finally run a fairly weak series right into the ground with this movie. Poor actors thrashing a horrible script pretty much sums this one up. Two hours of your life you'll never get back! Go get a root canal instead - you'll enjoy it more.),-0.5
(245700,Dreadful acting. A thinly veiled attempt to slam those on the left side of the aisle.<br /><br />Women are subjugated and revolve around men. Tom Selleck shows his acting range from A to B.),-2.0
(253331,"Loved the movie. Loved the two families crossing paths in history. Only question is if Sam gets killed then how does his family's line continue? He is Madame Zeroni's son and Zero is supposed to be related but no mention of any other children? Hmmmmmmmmm. Never mentioned any other children or wife prior to his speaking with and falling in love with the teacher? Maybe she had a child prior to becoming the kissing Kate Bandit? Even with the mistakes in the movie. Just loved it. The acting was great. Not sure where the story was with Mr. Sir being Marion a women at the end but makes his character even funnier. The other ""counseler"" did seem concerned for the kids but of course maybe not so much. Poor Warden must have had a really stinky childhood to be so mean when she grew up."),-0.16666666666666666
(253412,"I suggested renting this movie to my friend and he obliged since he had already seen the film and he said it was okay. I thought the title was a bit campy since the version at our store was called ""The Fear:Halloween Night"". I expected this movie to be somewhat of a Halloween rip off with a killer wooden guy. But it opened with a good scene and the killer murdered two victims immediately and flashed forward twenty years later where his son who had witnessed him kill the two people(including his mother) and he even witnessed his fathers suicide is going to a secluded cabin in the woods with his friends and his girlfriend where he attempts to face his fears until a wooden statue comes to life with his fathers spirit. Pretty good for a sequel and I never even seen the first."),-0.4
(254024,This movie only got a 1 because you can't give a zero! if you have a weak tummy AT ALL don't watch. animal rights people you don't want to watch either. it makes people vegetarians i swear i witnessed it happen! the only cool parts are the case and the fact that its a true story. its really really super creepy that this guy worked at ADT while he killed people! still feel safe when you punch in that little code? i don't! He had access to every code in Kansas!!!!!! I hated the movie it was not scary it was mentally scaring! Do your self a favor and don;t rent/buy this movie i think it cost about $20 to make that INCLUDES their OVER paid actors!!!!),-0.18181818181818182
(256092,I felt like I was watching an example of how not to make a movie. I think the director filmed it in his back yard! There was no real plot. <br /><br />Terrible script.<br /><br />Terrible acting.<br /><br />The worst production I have ever witnessed. A couple of bad CG effects and then the rest of the movies was spent walking around in what looked like a junk yard.<br /><br />I don't normally write reviews to movies but was moved to warn everyone about this one.<br /><br />Life is to short to waste your time with this movie!),-0.8571428571428571
(256740,When I was a kid I remembered this show but thought that now as an adult the show might be a bit dated. Well yes it is but for me that makes the show more retro (and the musics very funky). <br /><br />This show is mostly well written. I do think its a travesty that this show was cancelled after one season especially when this show was more popular than the Incredible Hulk. <br /><br />I think fans should overlook the poor special effects and enjoy the stories. <br /><br />This next sentence contains spoilers: My favourite episode as a kid was when there were two spiderman that battle against each other interestingly a similar idea is concocted in Spiderman 3 the movie. I liked the ideas in this TV show some will hate it. I believe Stan Lee wasn't a fan.),-0.09090909090909091
(261023,How can so many blundering decisions can be made. All that waste of resources!Its an idiotic story to begin with but theres no need to make it worse.A loose interpretation? Are you kidding! it diminishes my regard for Voight and Coburn.I hope they were paid well.),-1.2
(265208,Widow hires a psychopath as a handyman. Sloppy film noir thriller which doesn't make much of its tension promising set-up. (3/10)),-1.0
(267935,This is another one of Hitchcock's highest rated movies and rightfully so. This is a tale of two men who meet on a train and playfully exchange murder fantasies. One of them (Robert Walker) takes it seriously and this leads Guy Haines (Farley Granger) to trouble with the law. Another fast moving Hitchcock movie with lots of great scenes (the carousel scene and the tennis match are worthy of mentioning). Not a movie to be missed- it is a shame that no one will re-release this on DVD with loads of extras- just a cheap Warner Brothers DVD is all thats out there now.),-0.3333333333333333
(268917,this movie is the worst ive seen.. nicole kidman really dissapointed me.. this movie has nothing. i would not watch it again even if it were the last movie on earth. great actors but bad script.),-1.0
(271185,"Well I watch tons of movies and this one really sucked ... BIG TIME. I am sure we are all sick and tired of the low budget ploy to make Vampire Movies using some ""Martial Arts Teacher"" turn ""actor"" type of movies. I am also so tired of the guy knowing some form of fighting technique and then able to fight his way through a somewhat boring Movie. I forced myself to watch it and one of the main reasons were that the Lead Actress is quite Pretty (Ha-Ha) Well I hope this helped a bit and if you have time and want to give your Brain a rest Watch it!!! Well hopefully one day this type of movies will not be released but then hey where will all the Low Budget actors go :-) <br /><br />The movie also contains many Bloops but that I will leave to you to find because it adds quite a bit of fun while watching and also if you a bit of a perfectionist it will bother you ;-) Cheers!!"),-0.4166666666666667
(272693,don't see this. this was one of the dumbest movies i have ever seen. its hard to be Mormon sometimes when there are movies like this out there. what a sad view of Mormon life. i can tell you if you did see this movie that it is not all like this at all in a singles ward. if it was i don't think i would have made it through it. its too bad that most Mormon movies are made by a group of geeks who have nothing better to do. the acting was so bad that my wife and i barely made it through. i guess you could say that it had all the signs of a B movie. or are there C movies? anyway...i just thought this movie sucked and was full of cheese. i wish some Mormons would start making some quality movies.),-0.25
(274167,if you are dating a girl that is into wicca!<br /><br />many parts of this movie were killer and the feeling you get from this movie while watching it and immediately after is enough alone to sit through it all but some things really bothered me about this film that i cant really put my finger on...<br /><br />i definitely think that this movie is one that any art student or photography student should see b/c of the camera style and graininess that ive never seen but that is just it...it looks like an art student made it and the plot if there is any is so jumpy that you really need to be on a lot of drugs to get just what is going on),-0.4
(281189,***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** It's easy to see why the script for this film won an Oscar. At least during the first half. My head was spinning from all of the snappy lines whizzing by. Noel Coward plays a New York publisher (`Why don't you publish books that you like?' - `What? And corrupt the public?') who charms and manipulates his many hangers-on. Then he dies in a plane crash and the story turns into a bizarre Flying Dutchman take-off in which Coward must find someone who truly mourns him before his soul can rest in peace. Very enjoyable until it gets bizarre. Viewed at Cinefest in Syracuse in March 2003.),-0.4
(281957,I saw this movie yesterday and thought it was awful; it was pointless and just plain stupid. the supposed plot concerned a prospective bridegroom too caught up in the problems of the world to relate to his bride and the other people in his life. He disappears on his wedding day (in a tux no less) and hooks up with an assortment of weirdos.<br /><br />We saw it with a bus-load of people on the way down to Atlantic City and everyone agreed that it was a terrible movie. It was trying to be profound but it wasn't; it was stupid and offensive. If I wasn't on a bus I would have walked out on the movie. Anyone considering seeing the movie or renting or buying the video you have been forewarned.),-1.3333333333333333
(290391,"I couldn't spoil this piece of crap if I wanted to. After watching Dark Harvest 1 I thought ""this has got to be the worse movie ever made"" then I watched Dark Harvest 2 and that made 1 seem a little better. Then I watched Dark Harvest 3 or tried too. The only thing I have to say is ""when is this going to end?"" Very bad acting and really bad special effects the only good thing about this movie was the boob shot. Don't waste your time of money on this piece of crap... And now I have to write 3 more lines to get this to submit. I was going to sing a song but I can't think of any right now. But the movie finally ended (though it had an ending that might mean they are going to make another one of these)"),-1.6666666666666667
(293646,This movie could have been summed up in about 10 minutes. I don't know what everyone else was smoking calling this a beatiful film. I feel that a couple hours of my life were stolen from me and I want them back. I would put this in the category of a Battlefield Earth. Yes folks it is that bad. You would do just as well to watch a two minute clip of this movie over and over it would have the same effect. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!!!),-0.5
(293660,This movie was very very mediocre and very very gory. everyone left their acting lessons at home and totally forgot how to act I mean it was so bad and had no real plot and kindergarteners could have written a better story plot wait what story plot. not at all scary!),-0.6666666666666666
(293863,"This movie is really stupid and very boring most of the time. There are almost no ""ghoulies"" in it at all. There is nothing good about this movie on any level. Just more bad actors pathetically attempting to make a movie so they can get enough money to eat. Avoid at all costs."),-1.2
(299145,The old man mouse in this cartoon would have you believe that all men are created equally EVIL............so if we have to kill men in order to stop Hitler..........we are just as bad as Hitler was killing the Jews........ Well.....I don't buy it Mr. Mouse............but I guess it paints a pretty picture and makes a cute cartoon.......but it wasn't the reality then and it ain't reality now.),-1.1666666666666667
(299552,I have been reading the reviews for this movie and now I wanna kill my self. I don't wanna live in a world where people find this move or Rob Schneider funny. What is wrong with these people. I'm not angry at Rob Schneider because he has the intelligence of a dead cat. I watched this film in disbelief. Who would pay money to make this?? This film is so bad that its painful. Most bad films are funny because they are crap. The Animal is just DISGUSTING!!! Watch this film and if you like please for all of man kind kill your self. We don't need you. I want to raise money to get Rob Scheider off all movies. If someone killed Rob Schneider they should be given a Nobel peace prize.),-0.8
(301325,Allen and Julie move into a cabin in the mountains after their daughter is murdered one night. No one knows who killed the little girl but it's why they moved to the mountains. So the couple moves into this cabin and it's haunted by people who killed themselves there and no one in the nearby town wants to talk about it.<br /><br />This movie has a lot of creepiness to it and it has a lot of parts that made me jump. Some of the parts are predictable but once in a while there is a part I didn't expect. It was a pretty good movie that wasn't the scariest movie in the world but it was still scary enough to make it pretty good.<br /><br />I also liked the ending because it left the viewer to decide how it ends. It is also kind of a sad movie as well but a well done horror movie.),-0.36363636363636365
(303858,"This movie isn't even good enough for the $1 bin at the grocery store.<br /><br />I only purchased it because Terrence Howard was in it. Guess he couldn't be too choosy about his roles during this time. <br /><br />The movie in itself was hard to sit through. It seemed they were grasping at straws with a storyline. The ""guys night out"" had to be the most boring I've ever seen. One minute they are talking and the next reciting poetry? Even the arguments were hard to follow. Most of the acting lacked any depth.<br /><br />I have no idea what they were going for with this one but they certainly missed the mark."),-0.8333333333333334
(307081,Excellent writing and wild cast. The tech is poor but it's obviously very low budget. Looks like they didn't cut the negative but had to release on a video output. In any case one of the most inventive comedies I've seen lately. The screenwriter in particular is fine.),-0.75
(308529,"'Utter Crap' pretty well sums up what this....""movie"" was. I'd rather examine the colon of an African elephant with a penlight than sit through this again. I think I've wasted enough time watching this ""movie"" - I don't need to waste more by commenting on it further......"),-0.6666666666666666
(308531,This is quite possibly the worst sequel ever made. The script is unfunny and the acting stinks. The exact opposite of the original.),-3.0
(316002,Its a truly awful movie with a laughable storyline.some awful acting.and a script that Ed Wood might be ashamed of.Wagner is laughable in this. He plays his role like number two in Austin Powers.Easily the worst of the Airport movies.1 out of 10),-1.8
(316152,Wow... this is the kind of movie that makes you wonder who's idea this was and what soup kitchen are they eating at now. To say this was bad is an insult to the bad movies we all know and love.<br /><br />When I saw Guttenberg's name in the TV guide I figured it would be a spoof... maybe it should have been. Could have made for a better movie.<br /><br />Look for the scene where they are in an airplane in mid flight with the door open and there is no wind what so ever. They could have sprung for a fan at least.<br /><br />Look for several Canadian & c-list actors in the movie. This is the kind of movie that litters the b-rate cable stations you never watch except on a rainy Sunday.),-0.1111111111111111
(325579,"The only way this is a family drama is if parents explain everything wrong with its message.<br /><br />SPOILER: they feed a deer for a year and then kill it for eating their food after killing its mother and at first pontificating about taking responsibility for their actions. They blame bears and deer for ""misbehaving"" by eating while they take no responsibility to use adequate locks and fences or even learn to shoot instead of twice maiming animals and letting them linger."),-1.625
(327833,"This film is supposed to be about the frustrations of film making. It certainly frustrated me with its endless boredom. The setting is an attractive Spanish seacoast resort with his usual large cast. The script is very poorly written or maybe there was no script. Just all ad-lib.<br /><br />A far superior film about the frustrations of film making is Francois Truffaut's ""Day For Night"" made in 1973. It shows all the delays and how the cast can misbehave in an intriguing manner. It doesn't bore the viewer and you gain sympathy for the director who somehow must complete the film."),-0.14285714285714285
(327833,"William Hurt scuba diving scientist??? US agents running the investigation abroad? The sick contaminated man kicking butt after falling 20 feet on his back and running away? Sniper missing and not killing Hurt (just wounding him) but the second ""kill"" shot is dead on ? Waste of time. To compare this to falling down as other reviewers did is ridiculous. Oh and by the end of the movie they decide to start wearing gloves on their hands except for the ""evil"" agent and Hurt decides to kill him by giving him the ""virus handshake"". What? BTW...when did IMDb require 10 lines of text? I'm just babbling here. Doesn't this just dillute the content of reviews if you are required to have x amount of lines?"),-2.3333333333333335
(328307,I don't know how anyone could hate this movie. It is so funny. It took a unique mind to come up with this storyline. It's not your typical alien movie. These aliens are so stupid and confused. You need to rent it at least once.),-2.5
(329440,"Just saw this at the Chicago Film Festival - avoid it at all costs unless you have sleep problems. It is a film filled with pretensions - it opens with a minor quote from ""Hiroshima mon amour"" and it's all downhill from there. Camera work - imagine a child trying to imitate Wong Kar Wai. Story line - Smokey Robinson and the Miracles' ""The Love I saw in You Was Just a Mirage"" expanded from 3 minutes to over 2 hours but filled with repetition. For butt numbing pain this film ranks with the benches at the Methodist church my parent dragged me to when I was a kid. I want 2+ hours of my life refunded. Julian Hernandez's promoter prefaced the viewing with comment that the film was ""controversial"" - that is true only for the film's narcotic effect."),-0.5
(332411,I saw this movie a couple years back. I could'nt sleep and there was nothing on. So I peeped it. What really gets me is it makes no sense and thats why its disturbing. Richard gets tied up in chicken wire and Jarvis starts making out with Richard's girl while she's unconscious. Then Jarvis's buddy Troubador is playing some stupid song on his guitar. By the next morning it shows Richard's girl talking to Jarvis and Trouby and then she walks back to Richard and looks at him while he's still tied up. Then they play some happy music and the movie is finished. I mean what happened? Did they brake up? And what was she saying to those 2 guys(Trouby and Jarvis)? Its to puzzling and to poor to. I can't stand movies that are disturbing and don't make sense. This was the worst film i've ever seen since the 90's version of Lord of the Flies.),-1.1666666666666667
(333371,I hadn't planned on watching O12 because I didn't like O11 that much. I thought O11 was a nice but slightly boring little bank robbers movie with a sensational arsenal of stars. Anyway I was talked into watching O12 one night and I regretted it a lot. The plot is not only boring but also senseless. I honestly don't even know what it was all about. I left the movie after 3 quarters and got some coffee with another girl who didn't like it. Much more pleasure I can tell you that. But even the guys who stayed till the end later reported to me that the plot continued being awful and useless. My advice: Don't watch. Go watch Team America (hilarious btw;-)) and forget about Ocean's Twelve.<br /><br />In my opinion the most boring and senseless peace of crap to be on the screen in years.),-0.3076923076923077
(335244,I saw this in the theater during it's initial release and it was disturbing then as I'm sure it would still be. It was the first part of '68 and this was still making the rounds in towns across America and there had recently been a mass-murder in my hometown where I saw this where a man went on a shooting rampage. The freshness of that close-to-home event combined with this dramatized true story made for a very disturbing theatrical experience. It really brought to life the excellent acting of Robert Blake and Scott Wilson. I was familiar with the novel based on the true event by Truman Capote and the screenplay and direction by Richard Brooks wove the event and Truman's interpretation into compelling gritty cinematic adaptation. Music from Quincy Jones effectively scores it's story. I've only seen this a couple times since. It was too real. Almost like being a witness to the crime itself and riding along with the killers. I would give this a 9.0 of a possible 10. Society is so desensitized to violence and crime today that this probably seems slow and tame and could be viewed with less effect but to anyone over 50 this will be a hallmark into the examination of the criminal psyche.),-0.25
(335866,I saw this in the summer of 1990. I'm still annoyed by how bad this movie is in 2001.<br /><br />Implausible plot. You'd have to be a child to think this could happen.<br /><br />I'm just really annoyed by it. Don't see this.),-2.3333333333333335
(342521,First let me be honest. I did not watch all this movie. I watched the first five minutes and when i realized that I had nearly fallen to sleep i decided that I may as well fast forward and see if it got any more interesting later on... It didn't. This film is just a collection of lame attempts to make a story which is already uninteresting and badly told into something that it would never become: a decent horror movie. Because I feel it is important to say that even a movie with poor special effects can still be good if it is well made. This film isn't and will only put you into a deep sleep if you attempt to watch it. Lastly I feel it is important to say that I think this movie is in the publicdomain so if you feel that you must absolutely watch it than a littlesearch on the internet will surely show you a place where you won't need to pay to watch this pile of cinematographic dung.),-0.1111111111111111
(345911,An uninteresting addition to the stalk 'n slash cycle which dominated the horror genre in the 1980's. This was filmed as Pranks but released as The Dorm That Dripped Blood which is an obvious steal from the 1970 horror anthology The House That Dripped Blood. Daphne Zuniga is the only recognisable face in the cast and this was her first horror movie (she has also appeared in The Initiation and The Fly II).),-2.0
(366967,"No idea how this is rated as high as it is (5.8 at the time of writing) but this movie was absolutely horrible. The acting wasn't entirely bad but it really had no point whatsoever and the overall quality was poor. Its obviously a B movie (or a C if such a thing exists) and it looks like it was made over a weekend at a friends house or something. Im all for low budget movies and I generally watch any I come across but this one is really really bad. I mean like ""The Fanglys"" bad. I don't know what else to say but trust in this as I have indeed sat thru this horrible horrible movie and I can save you the effort... Don't bother. Seriously... Just don't."),-0.375
(370980,"the people who came up with this are SICK AND TWISTED FREAKS how the hell can you exploit people like this? tricking people into thinking that this is real? which i probably don't doubt that it is... i saw this thing for the very first time today series 7 and it made me sick to my stomach i almost threw up. i just couldn't stop crying my eyes out for these poor people and if that woman really did have that baby you SHOULD ALL BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES!!!!!!!!!! i have a 4 month old daughter and it is just absolutely appalling that would put a ""real"" pregnant woman in SO MUCH FRICKEN DANGER! you people are bloody ANIMALS and should be locked up for life allowing something like this to put on t.v. if this so called ""reallity show"" is for real then why isn't anyone being put in prison for allowing people to die and not doing a god damn thing about it. YOU ALL DESERVE TO BE FRIGGEN HUNTED DOWN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"),-1.5333333333333334
(378200,I just picked up the DVD release of this movie while on holiday in Norway where it has been released with English subtitles.<br /><br />The film is beautifully photographed and powerfully acted. The youngster portraying 'Frits' the lead character has an astonishingly open face which mirrors with painful accuracy the tragic events which unfold around him.<br /><br />Early on in the film we see that the father whom Frits loves so much has mental health problems and this is brought up when the brutal headmaster denies assaulting the boy and suggests it was his own father.<br /><br />The climactic scene where Frits refuses to show any respect to the headmaster; simply standing his ground and repeating 'Liar' as he is brutally assaulted in front of his classmates is a scene you are not likely to forget.<br /><br />The films only weak point is the rather clichéd 'Flower Power' teacher who uses every 'friendly teacher' trick in the book. Other than this I feel sure that this is a film you will really enjoy.),-1.0
(394047,I was actually looking forward to this movie. The commercials made it look real cool and action packed. And I heard that Claire Daines' character was arrested for assault so I thought that maybe she would kick a lot of ass and that would be cool. BUT NOOOOOOOO!!. Their was hardly any action at all and the character were all kinda bland. The only saving grace was Omar Epps and even he didn't help this movie much.),-0.6
(396152,I am sorry but this is the worst film I have ever seen in my life. I cannot believe that after making the first one in the series they were able to get a budget to make another. Not that the budget could have been much - this is the least scary film I have ever watched and laughed all the way through to the end (actually I can't believe we watched it to the end) but I think it is because we couldn't quite believe it.),-1.25
(426469,Horrible movie. This movie beat out revenge of the living zombies for the WORST movie I have ever suffered through. What the !@$% were the morons who made this film thinking. Was it supposed to be scary. Because man let me tall you it wasn't. It was so dumb it wasn't funny. We all know that tropical islands are the natural hunting grounds for killer snowmen. And those stupid baby snowballs. Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid. Fake snow and lousy actors. OH and frost looks nothing like he does on the box. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME. REnt it and destroy it.),-1.1666666666666667
(0,"Today You Die starts as honourable criminal Harlan banks (producer Steven Seagal) is hired by sinister businessman Max Stevens (Kevin Tighe) to drive a security vehicle with $20),-3.0
(0,"This story had the potential of a good film. The difficult choice of love versus money and the angst and regret of making the wrong one. However the movie was ruined by the horrible miscasting of Robert Redford as the villain who offers $1),-0.5714285714285714
(146,This movie is a mess. I'm surprised it even has a theatrical release. WIthout Robin Williams it would have gone straight to video. It is poorly written. It is poorly directed. It's worse offense is that it has taken an interesting topic and reduced it to a ridiculous and BORING thriller that has no thrills and no suspense and no inner or emotional logic.Especially after the first half hour the movie dovetails into a series of ridiculous set pieces that are so over the top that the audience I saw it with was laughing at it. Save your money. The trailer is totally misleading - it is not suspenseful and there are no thrills - in fact the movie's truly worst offense is that it is simply boring.),-1.0
(153,let me get started with a terrible storyline and an awful control system. good animation but not too good graphics. that is why I'm giving this game 4 of 10. THIS GAME REALLY NEEDS AN Improvement IF YOU ASK ME!!! i would remake it and make this control system better so jaws is not so damn hard to control. if i made it to improve it i would make those graphics look better than on the movie. it will drive anyone crazy when you are getting killed so freaking easy. i played this and got killed by a diver when he had one of those flick knives in 2 hits. the dolphins will kill you so much that the shark will be begging to go to the bottom of hell. this game sucks some fat ass. sorry about all the cussing i think I'm done now. it just that this game sucks so bad that it should be taken off the store's shelf. i dare you to play the garbage and you will probably get so mad by dieing so easy so Don't PLAY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!),-1.1578947368421053
(154,Under no circumstances watch this film. It is terrible for a number of reasons:<br /><br />No plot No structure No direction No acting to speak of No visual style No tension<br /><br />In a word - no.<br /><br />Best thing about it the box and the fact it eventually ends. Who would have thought 85mins could feel so long.<br /><br />Once again: Under no circumstances watch this film. It is terrible.<br /><br />No plot No structure No direction No acting to speak of No visual style No tension<br /><br />In a word - no.<br /><br />Best thing about it the box and the fact it eventually ends. Who would have thought 85mins could feel so long.),-1.6666666666666667
(161,This movie stinks. The stench resembles bad cowpies that sat in the sun too long. I can't believe that so many talented actors wasted their time making such a hopelessly awful film. Whew!),-2.6666666666666665
(199,how can this movie have a 5.5 this movie was a piece of skunk s**t. first the actors were really bad i mean chainsaw Charlie was so retarded. because in the very beginning when he pokes his head into the wooden hut (that happened to be about oh 1 quarter of an inch thick (that really cheap as* flimsy piece of wood) and he did not even think he could cut threw it)second the person who did the set sucks as* at supplying things for them to build with. the only good thing about this movie is the idea of this t.v. show. bottom line DO NOT waste your hard earned cash on this hunk of s**t they call a movie.<br /><br />rating:0.3),-1.0
(199,Wow probable the worst movie i have ever seen!! This person should never make another movie!!I cant believe anyone would have produce this in good conscience.YOu have have wasted every cent. No concept of real life. I have wasted 2 hours of my life i will never get back. EVER!!! Everyone who worked on this show should be embarrassed!!!!!! I'm embarrassed for them! All of you should be ashamed. If i was gay i would want to tell the director that they have personally set back gay rights progress by 5 years. Please never watch this movie.I have never written a blogg about a film before but The distaste for this film has compelled me to do so.),-0.25
(223,I thank god I didn't go to cinema for this film. I would be very sorry for the money I gave. I saw it on tv and I couldn't beleive my eyes. I wonder if any film could be worse than this one. they spent millions of dollars to this film for nothing. awful acting and awful scenario. I think the other people who wrote comments are the man working from that film company ;) it's very big fiasco! in year 2000 can they still laugh at this kind of film? embarassing...),-0.3333333333333333
(254,i really wanted this to be good as i am from Liverpool where it is set but it truly awful. the acting from everyone involved is cringeworthy the script is terrible absolutly terrible. terrible),-1.0
(329,Coltrane and Idle are members of a bank robbery gang who double cross their leader during a robbery. They hide out in a nunnery school and disguise themselves appropriately to avoid detection from the mob and the police. Alot of catholic humor and slapstick but the script is kinda thin as are the laughs.. There is a GOOD shower scene though... on a scale of one to ten..4),-0.25
(338,I remember this movie from the 50s when I was in college. It is one of the funniest satires of American Westerns that I have ever seen. I'm only sorry that I have not been able to see it recently and that it is is not out on tape or DVD. It is a real treat.),-1.0
(395,I couldn't believe I spent $14.00 on this. The only redeeming quality is the outrageous gore. The dubbing was worse than any I have ever experienced. It looks like it was shot with a VHS camcorder. I think every pfennig was spent on the special effects because there was a whole lot of blood and body parts everywhere. Its one of the worst movies I have ever seen but I do have to acknowledge the plentiful gore that wasn't as disgusting as it could have been because the whole movie is so silly and unbelievable),-1.5
(423,Another bad spanish picture. This is very baaaad. I only save the photography and the music of José Nieto. The rest of the film is the worst I've seen in years. Paz Vega is horrible. Don't see it.),-1.3333333333333333
(431,This pathetic excuse for a movie doesn't have a decent structure or a sensible closure. The characters were confusing and the entire plot kept getting off track. I'd have to say that Pixel Perfect was a disgrace. This is what happens when you let Disney channel make movies.),-1.6666666666666667
(431,What can I say about Seven Pounds...well I watched on a flight from Seattle to Tokyo and as that flight was long and boring the movie definitely didn't help. Will Smith's character Ben Thomas is almost completely unlikable even with his redemption in the end. The movie's two hour plus run time wastes most of the screen time with random garbage that just strings the plot along as slow as possible. In the movies defense Rosario Dawson's character adds a little life to the film although not much. I don't understand how anyone could actually cry during this film when all I wanted to do was turn it off. Also Will Smith kills himself with a jellyfish at the ended proving that killing yourself with a jellyfish is the stupidest way to die.),-2.5
(433,I watched the first show of each series just to see and what a waste of time. The girl from Emmerdale she was fat so yeah she should be in fat friend but no one every lost weigh.<br /><br />Like Itv made a big mistake with this.<br /><br />Bad Girls is 100times better.<br /><br />I feel that the whole show was just about large people trying to loose weight but never did then they tried to have love storyline oh my god what a a waste of time and also air time. This show has not been repeated on ITV2/3/4 yeah thats how good it is.<br /><br />I would say do not by th box sets just a waste of money.<br /><br />BEWARE),-0.15384615384615385
(455,"I love a good sappy love story (and I'm a guy) but when I rented ""Love Story"" I prayed for the end to come as quickly and painlessly as possible and just the opposite for Ali McGraw's character.<br /><br />Ali McGraw as Jenny alienated and irritated the heck out of me within the first 15 minutes. When we learn that she has been diagnosed with a life threatening illness I couldn't help but wonder if her death would be such a terrible loss for poor Oliver or if anyone watching this film would even care. If she didn't die her grating personality would probably have pushed Oliver over the edge and eventually landed them in divorce court.<br /><br />People love this movie but it's one of the worst of the 70's."),-0.6666666666666666
(464,"Live action version of Dragonball via Taiwan.<br /><br />Evil lord comes to earth to get the seven magic dragon balls...er pearls which when brought together will cause a dragon to appear and grant your wish. Lots of action and bad comedy ensue.<br /><br />What can I say that ""the best way to watch this film is with lots of drunk but witty friends"" doesn't? I don't know. This is a really bad but funny in the way that really bad movies can be. Come on this is one of the few martial arts films I've ever seen where you actually see the wires. Its a live action cartoon and not so far removed from what I've seen of the show that it makes me fearful for the big budget American version now filming.<br /><br />If you have some drunk friends and feel like picking on a movie see this film. If you're going to see it sober (like me) avoid it."),-0.14285714285714285
(507,"This isn't a bad movie... but it's the type your girlfriend makes you watch. The story isn't bad .... it just makes the hour and a half seem so long. It's hard for me to trash this movie because I really do like the idea of it but it was just to long and thin on story... too bad. The main character never really seems to change all that much from beginning to end . I mean goes through something ""life changing"" and he can barely break a smile. I really thought Mac was really good. His weird quirkiness kept the movie from being a complete disaster. Maybe I just don't ""get"" this film. If anyone can explain it to me I'd love to be informed."),-0.6666666666666666
(510,Very interesting and moving documentary about the World Trade Center tragedy on 11th September 2001.The main theme of it is the heroism of American fire-fighters who tried to rescue as many people as they could.The film is deeply emotional and rather disturbing-many people seen on screen have lost their lives!Recommended.),-0.25
(549,The wit and pace and three show stopping Busby Berkley numbers put this ahead of the over-rated 42nd Street. This is the definitive 30's musical with a knockout frenetic performance from Jimmy Cagney. One of the last releases before the Motion Picture Production Code was strictly enforced. A must see.),-1.0
(591,Hulk Hogan and Zeus are horrible wrestlers and horrible actors. Hogan for some reason was popular enough to get a movie deal I'll never know why. If not for vince Mcmahon's money this stupid film would have never been made. Maybe someday someone will make a good movie about pro wrestling. No Holds Barred is not that movie.),-0.4
(593,I don't know if the problem I had with this movie is that I was not able to capture the way movies were done in the past but I believe that this one did not miss to make use of any of the the fashionable conventions available in the 40s to make a film. If you don't have anything better to do my advise is not to watch this movie but to read a book or to go out for a walk.),-0.6666666666666666
(597,This has to be the worst movie I have seen. Madsen fans don't be drawn into this like I was. He is only in it for a maximum of five minutes. This movie is so bad that the only reason why you would watch it is if all the rest of the movies on earth as well as t.v. had been destroyed.),-1.3333333333333333
(628,the subspecies series is an always will be the best vampire movies ever. there is something about them that makes them special i think it`s the feeling you get when you watch them .<br /><br />they are set in modern times and yet they feel as if they are set in the 1700`s or 1800`s i think it has some thing to do with the set`s that are used if so then it`s working keep it up guy`s :).<br /><br />in a quick round up of what`s happened in the first part - Radu was supposedly bannished from his home land years ago by his father and he has decided to come back and take what he thinks is his birth rite. the blood stone and all his father has so he kill`s his father who is played by Angus Scrimm (the tall man from the Phantasm movies). and takes the blood stone which has emense power to who ever has it because who has it need never kil anyone again because the stone is supposedly meant to drip the bloody of the saints and every time the Radu takes a drop from it he is slowly going insane. (thats all we need an insane vampire as if a normal vampire aint bad enough). well Radu`s brother Stephan try`s to put a stop to his evil ways all while trying to stop himself falling inlve with a tourist who is staying at a house/fort which belongs to a friend of his.<br /><br />well one thing leads to another and the two brothers clash and well you will have to see the movie to see what goes on from here on in.<br /><br />i will review/comment on the other sequels soon .<br /><br />the difference between this and buffy is buffy is too commercial and this is not so this will not appeal to everyone but this has an atmosphere far superior to that of buffy although Radu does not look as good as the wonder full Sarah Michelle Gellar :).<br /><br />rating for this movie 10/10 a fine example of how a vampire movie should be done :).<br /><br />),-0.42857142857142855
(639,This is one of the most horrible 'scary' movies I've seen for awhile. I had to wonder if John Ryhs-Davies was just bored and wanted a distraction to do this movie. Th Chupacabra looked like a cross between the Sleetaks from Land of the Lost and the Creature from the Black Lagoon. Additionally they should have used someone who was a bit smaller as the Chupacabra of legend is much smaller. All in all however the movie was soo bad it was funny. Why couldn't bullets and electrocution stop the Chupacabra but the captain's kick-boxing daughter do OK?? Watch if you are sick at home or feeling down and need a good laugh.),-0.7777777777777778
(644,what was the quote by archbishop tutu at the end of the film about a person's past? this film was very disturbing to watch in the sense that it was a true story and to think that humanity is still so cruel after all these years makes me ashamed <br /><br />everyone is human and everyone has the right to live their life in peace and harmony <br /><br />live and let live<br /><br />if anyone knows the quote please let me know Thank you<br /><br />this film should be shown a lot more publicly as true events as horrific as these shown in the film should be known to all in the hope that things will change sooner rather than later.),-0.1111111111111111
(646,Truly shows that hype is not everything. Shows by and by what a crappy actor abhishek is and is only getting movies because of his dad and his wife. Amitabh as always is solid. Ajay Devgan as always is shitty and useless and the new guy is a joke. The leading lady is such a waste of an actor. Such pathetic movie from such a revered director and from such a big industry. With movies as such I have decreased the amount of bollywood movies I watch.<br /><br />RGV has been making very crappy movies for a while now. Time to get different actors. Hrithek anyone? Bollywood needs Madhuri and Kajol back. Every other leading lady is a half-naked wanna be. Pffffft.),-0.8333333333333334
(692,Worst De Niro Scorsese collaboration in this horrible agonizing violent overlong mess. Scorsese is totally out of his element in this film with the horror cliched suddenly loud phone ringing and door slamming gimmicks that seem laughable and embarrassing coming from such a master craftsman. The cast is totally wasted here and the southern accents are very annoying and forced. Nick Noltie plays the wimpiest lawyer in history who would ever believe he can defend anyone ! De Niro's psychotic Bowden is nothing more than the typical 90's movie psycho killer. The scene with De Niro and Lewis early on is very awkward and the climax goes on and on and we should all be more than tired of the on psycho stalker that never dies. One of my most horrible movie experiences. Rent the original it's 100 times better. <br /><br />),-2.4444444444444446
(700,A very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I was totally relating to events in the film. Also - a really cool zombie twist which I thought was VERY ORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies. A very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I was totally relating to events in the film. Also - a really cool zombie twist which I thought was VERY ORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies. A very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I was totally relating to events in the film. Also - a really cool zombie twist which I thought was VERY ORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies.),-0.6666666666666666
(713,This is one of the worst mini-series I have ever seen on TV. I sat through the first half hoping it would improve but it only went from bad to worse. Needless to say I could not bring myself to sit through the torture of a second nights viewing. What was Jon Voight thinking when he made this?????),-1.2
(744,I was not entirely impressed by this film. It was originally named Sin Eater and should have stayed that way considering that is all that was talked about for the last half of the film. I'm not even sure what the first 20 minutes of the film had to do with any of the rest of it. It was very slow and what was with picking Robocop (Peter Weller) as one of the main actors. That was a sad point.<br /><br />All in all I would say check this out if you are into things dealing with the Catholic religion but don't expect an Exorcist or Stigmata from this film. It will surely flop after a few days and word gets out.),-0.3333333333333333
(771,"You ever sit through a movie and after it's all over it's like one big ""wtf!?"". <br /><br />Welcome to Decoy. <br /><br />Another straight to video action fodder flick you can immediately forget about having watched or better yet don't watch it at all. Peter Weller and Robert Patrick star and are quickly wasted in this going nowheres fast mercenaries-for-hire action dud where the story is pretty darn bad and the action sucks and what's the point of watching an action flick if the action blows? Robert Patrick in particular hits a new low in an action sequence that has him firing a machine gun while standing on the hood of a moving school bus. Co-stars the ambient Charlotte Lewis and Canada's own Scott Hylands (of TV's Night Heat fame)."),-0.46153846153846156
(808,Most definitely the worst Columbo ever dreamt up. No murder and the abandonment of the tried and tested formula makes this a real drag. Falk looks bored throughout and so will you be if you waste anytime watching this.),-2.0
(840,"Can you say ""Boring"" with a capital B! It's slower than watching grass grow! It's more boring than watching paint dry! You'll sleep right through it.....we all did.....don't do it...you'll regret it!"),-2.5
(849,Apparently I am swimming against the tide of the glowing comments on this film. I have not seen it since I was 4 or 5 years old but there is one thing I remember distinctly...<br /><br />The Bunyip was TERRIFYING!!! Nightmare inducing terrifying. With the creepy music and the little girl and kangaroo running/hopping away for their lives...<br /><br />As a kid I also remember the animated Hobbit... no worries. Watership down? Didn't blink an eye. Dot and the Kangaroo? It still haunts my dreams. And I have several friends the same age who also think it was massively creepy. Maybe we can get a group rate on therapy.<br /><br />In short: one freaky film for its time.),-1.0
(854,I regret that I've seen this movie. Can't believe that the creator of Best Intentions and Pelle the Conqueror could make such a bleak and boring film. What a waste!),-2.5
(855,I usually love these movies. Give me a good old B movie any day but this one was simply awful. The acting(?) was terrible almost to the point of my turning the movie off completely. I thought I saw the all time worst but this one is right up there with Attack of the Killer Tomatoes! In all honesty - it was the acting that did this film in for me.<br /><br />I found the actor's to be clumsy and the lead male/female were extremely dull. This movie had absolutely nothing going for it. I may be asking a ridiculous question here but why the nudity and sex scene? Did the producers think nobody would watch if they left them out? I think they were probably right! Oh where is Price and The Tingler when you need them?),-0.6
(913,This is a weak film with a troubled history of cuts and re-naming. It doesn't work at all. Firstly the dramaturgy is all wrong. It's very slow moving at first and then hastily and unsatisfactorily moves to an end. But there is also (and that may have to do with the cuts) an uneasy moving between genres. It starts off with being a thriller to be taken at face value and then degenerates into a farce rather than satire. the ending may be funny but it's also so blunt that I almost felt it insulted my intelligence (what little there is). So the film tries to be everything but does not really succeed on any level at all. You can also see that in the very unsteady character development.You almost get the impression Connery plays three roles rather than one.),-0.875
(925,A girl is looking for her soul mate-- this movie was very strange-- lots of sequences that look like an hallucinations. Tommy Lee Jones is the only stable one in the picture. It was hard to figure out what the director was trying to say-- Most of the time the main character is dressed in weird clothes and makeup. A weird combination of reality and madness.),-0.2
(943,"A woman borough a boy to this world and was alone. They both were alone because a boy had a gift and a curse in one package - he was capable of withdrawing sword from his arm. There was always a wound on his wrist in the cause of this ""gift"" - the wound of the deadliest weapon inside of his body. First he kills his constantly drunk stepfather who hurts his mom every time. Then he grows up and decides to find his real father. Just as simple as all the time for a superhero - he reaches the justice....but the society decides this justice is not necessary and dangerous which is indeed right 'cause it is not like in Hollywood movies that the character does not try to kill anyone - Sasha (he is the main hero acted by Artem Tkachenko) kills if the person who in his opinion deserves to die but gets blames from authorities and runs. In such a runaway from authorities and Mafia he meets a girl (acted by Chulpan Hamatova) and falls in love with her. Everything else is to be watched...not told. Be aware that this film is more about feelings and emotions but not about actions. This film is full of pain of the main character full of him and his vision of life."),-0.3684210526315789
(956,"I saw the omen when i was 11 on tv. I enjoyed the Trilogy. So when the chance to finally see one at the cinema came around i didnt pass it up. I went in to the cinema knowing that what i was about to see wasnt a cinema release but a made for TV film. However being a fan i couldnt resist. But this Omen movie which i saw at a midnight screening didnt bring chills it brought laughter. Risible Dialogue such as ""it is written that if a baby cries during baptism they reject there god"". What nonsense.No decent set pieces. Faye Grant so Good in V is wasted with this script from hell. No suprises and no fun. However i did laugh out loud several times at our bad it was.Truly Pathetic.1 out of 10"),-0.2222222222222222
(1051,Based on Tom Wolfe's satirical novel that was praised by all (i have not read it yet) Tom Hanks stars as a wall streeter who accidentally kills a black boy while lost in a bad part of NYC Willis stars as the reporter who starts Hanks on his downward spiral.. The characters are very thin and there seems to be no empathy for anyone in this movie and for a comedy or a satire there arent a lot of laughs either..Melanie Griffith had her breasts done during filming so a fun thing to do is to see if her boobs change size during different parts of the film..This will keep your mind off other things like the lack of script or humor.. On a scale of one to ten..3),-0.08333333333333333
(1051,Like most comments I saw this film under the name of The Witching which is the reissue title. Apparently Necromancy which is the original is better but I doubt it.<br /><br />Most scenes of the witching still include most necromancy scenes and these are still bad. In many ways I think the added nudity of the witching at least added some entertainment value! But don't be fooled -there's only 3 scenes with nudity and it's of the people standing around variety. No diabolique rumpy pumpy involved!<br /><br />This movie is so inherently awful it's difficult to know what to criticise first. The dialogue is awful and straight out of the Troma locker. At least Troma is tongue in cheek though. This is straight-faced boredom personified. The acting is variable with Pamela Franklin (Flora the possessed kid in The Innocents would you believe!) the worst with her high-pitched screechy voice. Welles seems merely waiting for his pay cheque. The other female lead has a creepy face so I don't know why Pamela thought she could trust her in the film! And the doctor is pretty bad too. He also looks worringly like Gene Wilder.<br /><br />It is ineptly filmed with scenes changing for no reason and editing is choppy. This is because the witching is a copy and paste job and not a subtle one at that. Only the lighting is OK. The sound is also dreadful and it's difficult to hear with the appalling new soundtrack which never shuts up. The 'ghost' mother is also equally rubbish but the actress is so hilariously bad at acting that at least it provides some unintentional laughs.<br /><br />Really this film (the witching at least) is only for the unwary. It can't have many sane fans as it's pretty unwatchable and I actually found it mind-numbingly dull! <br /><br />The best bit was when the credits rolled - enough said so simply better to this poor excuse for a movie LIKE THE PLAGUE!),-0.6818181818181818
(1265,"This film without doubt is one of the worst I have seen. It was so boring that I simply could not wait for it to end. I talked my girlfriend into watching it after this site had good reviews and after even 30 mins in she looked at me as if to say ""your nuts"" The scenery was as boring as the film with nothing but driving around in the car looking at the wind blowing bits of bush around. The acting was un-inspiring and the film was simply a waste of what have been a good idea into a waste of a dvdr.<br /><br />Guy Pierce should have stuck to neighbours as at least he washed his hair. All he done was talk on his phone but yet sold nothing as a salesman. He would have been sacked weeks before. His girlfriend (once in Coyote Ugly) should have remained dancing on the bar as at least she looked hot in that.<br /><br />The guy who played Vincent (those who watched know) was so annoying with his phone calls that any normal person would have drove to his house and hit him with a bit of 4 by 2.<br /><br />I do not on this earth know what anyone liked about it. I actually want people to watch this to suffer the torture I went through."),-1.0666666666666667
(1381,I am almost tempted to demand my money back from the video store. This movie plumbs the depths of inanity and is almost completely unwatchable. I NEVER bail out of a film early but this was painful to view. A thorough waste of celluloid. My vote 1/10 (it would have been zero).),-1.0
(1391,Zodiac Killer. 1 out of 10. Worst acting ever. No really worst acting ever. David Hess (Last House on the Left. No the one from the seventies. Rent it it's really good) is the worst of the bunch (Pretty stiff competition but he is amazingly god-awful.) One would be hard pressed to find a home movie participant with such an awkward camera presence. The film actually screeches to a stunning painful halt when he is on the screen.<br /><br />Not that the film actually has any redeeming qualities for Mr. Hess to ruin. It is filmed with a home movie camera and by the looks of things a pretty old one complete with attached boom mike. No post production either. Come on there has to be some shovelware a five year old computer could use that could clean up this picture. Throw in bizarre stock footage pictures of autopsy's and aircraft carrier takeoffs and this is one visually screwed up picture. The autopsy pictures are interjected the way Italian cannibal films interject those god-awful real life animal killings. And the Navy footage is supposed to be some anti war statement (Cause we know all the bloodthirsty maniacs join the Navy) What in the world is Lion's Gate is doing releasing this garbage? It would embarrass Troma. The plot is about the Zodiac Killer (Last seen in Dirty Harry . No the one from the seventies. Rent it it's really good) Somebody gets shot in the stomach in LA and the cops assume the Zodiac Killer is back? Uh-huh. What can you expect from a movie that doesn't know that DSM IV is a book not a psychiatric disorder and where the young killer older man relationship resembles that of a congressional page and closeted congressman? Yeah eighties haircuts and production values meet a Nambla subplot. Sign me up.),-0.375
(1422,MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS. This movie was the worst movie ever. I couldn't even watch it all it was so bad. This film is actually worse than scarecrow slayer which is saying a whole lot. This was worse than terror toons which at least terror toons was funny at times. Not even the gore in the film was good. The shootings were fake and the acting was worse. Please do yourself a favor and skip this one. If you see it at the rental store then run the other way. There is nothing good about this film at all. If you want to see a good scarecrow movie then watch Night of the scarecrow or pumpkin head. If you want to see an OK new cheesy movie then watch Scarecrow. I rate this movie a 0.2 out of 10. That's how horrible this film really is. THE WORST MOVIE EVER.),-0.5384615384615384
(1523,"It's been over 30 years now but I still remember that this movie was the worst I've ever seen. I would have thought that in this length of time something worse would have been filmed but I was mistaken. I just finished watching ""STARSHIP TROOPERS"" and it came mighty close but it was still more entertaining than "" POOR COW ""."),-1.3333333333333333
(1551,This movie is not very bad tjough. But one cannot find anything new about the personality of Marquis de Sade from this movie. The movie tries to stay on the borderline between erotic and insightful and it cannot succeed at either. The cinematography is really bad (straigh-to video quality)<br /><br />),-3.0
(1649,"This movie was probably about as silly as The Naked Gun (which was supposed to be). Case in point:<br /><br />1. In order to fake her drowning Roberts is secretly taking swimming lessons at the YWCA. After her ""death"" the YWCA calls her husband at work to give their condolences. HELLO how did they get his work number?<br /><br />2. Before she leaves town she drops her wedding ring in the toilet. Days or even weeks later her hubby finds it in the John. Does this mean the toilet was never flushed?<br /><br />3. No explanation is given on how she is paying for her mothers care in the retirement home (since she did it behind her RICH husbands back).<br /><br />4. Towards the end of this tiresome film Roberts suspects her husband is in the house. Instead of running for her life she runs to the kitchen instead to see if the cans are stacked neatly."),-1.0
(1683,"Yuck. I thought it odd that their ancient book on curses was made using a common script font instead of hand written. The acting is so apathetic at times and so over-dramatic at other times. Why would a ""demonico"" kill the two suspiciously quiet doctors who helped make him immortal? Just for the heck of it? And is it really necessary to show Lilith's motorcycle whenever she's out somewhere. We get it! You spent a little bit of money to rent some third rate crotch rocket. It doesn't mean you have to show it all the time! The ""Faith's"" lair looks like an old school Battlestar Galactica set with some last minute changes. There is a scene where we are introduced to a few people on a talk show for about 30 seconds before they are killed without apparent reason and without importance. Everyone is a throwaway character. Forgettable characters and an even more forgettable plot make this one of the most ill-conceived movies I've seen the SciFi channel come out with. Stay away unless you're into bad movies."),-2.0
(1722,This movie was horrendous it was sorta like accidentally watching a gay porn waiting for the girls but they just don't come....I waited for almost 2 hours for the damn scarecrows....they just don't come...instead it's just some dumb ass wandering through a dead cornfield with a camera it's a mix of Blaire witch and some bad episode of the twilight zone. And the best part is that as of October 23 2005 they started filming a sequel please don't be fooled by the box even though it looks exactly the same as the first dark harvest it's not lions gate bought the rights to the Maize:the movie and had the brilliant idea to release it as the sequel to the original dark harvest;which i thought was funny........the only thing they had in common was they were both shot in a cornfield....This Movie WILLLLLL not scare the crop out of you like the first one so just stay away!!!!!),-0.9230769230769231
(1824,This movie was just plain bad. Just about every cop movie cliché is present and accounted for. Bad guy gets away? check. Partner? check. Wacky personality clash with partner? check. Rookie with something to prove? check. Rookie shows up grizzled veteran. check. About the only ones it didn't touch on were idiot shoot themselves in the foot and retirony but I guess they're saving those old chestnuts for Dooley's next outing. Add in the battle of the sexes with Girl Power along with tired old sight gags and banal overdone material like Dooley's prize car getting trashed all the time and you have the recipe for one really bad movie. Avoid this one at all costs.),-1.4285714285714286
(1844,It´s long time that I and my wife didn´t see such a boring thriller. It´s definitively NOT a gripping story and it is paced so slowly that we nearly fell asleep. This could be instead a very low budget TV crime series. There are some ridiculous scenes like the one where mafia boss Pirano wants to see the jury lady in a red clothes or another mafioso cannot stop to think about her and so on. Okay perhaps this should have been a romantic thriller but believe me you really don´t miss anything. We gave 4/10.),-1.6666666666666667
(1880,This was an exteremely good historical drama. John Turturro is excellent as the tortured genius Luzhin and brilliantly portrays the character's manic affectations such as his strange dancing. Emily Watson is fine in her support role as the sensitive lover Natalia.<br /><br />The relatonship between chess and near madness is well explored by Gorris and familiar Nabokov preoccupations such as 'eternal innocence' (i.e. 'Lolita') are evident in this film. I think I will now go on to read the novel. It was a touching and tragic ending and it was hard to keep a dry eye. Brilliant movie!),-0.1111111111111111
(1883,Geologist realizes a big earthquake is coming but no one will listen. Whats worse is his father in law had predicted the 1923 Tokyo disaster and he's been called unworthy to be his successor. Of course the big one comes and Tokyo is knocked flat.<br /><br />A poorly dubbed Japanese film that is pure soap opera for the first half. The second half- after the earthquake destroys a model city its an escape drama. There are some nice moments but the film wastes them either by undercutting the action by too many poor miniatures or by having people do unreal things. Hokey and not very good it has an ending you won't believe...),-0.5454545454545454
(1887,Take a young liberal idealist Christopher Boyce (Timothy Hutton) put in a top secret classification in a government front company because of his father's position team him up with a no'count drug dealer Daulton Lee (Sean Penn) who is wanted by the police and needs a new source of income and you have a recipe for espionage. Sean Penn played the part of the punk drug dealer with a certain sang froid probably out of particular verisimilitude with such raunchy types. The gall Penn carries with him in every situation is unique; he even suggests the Soviets run drugs for him.<br /><br />I've seen the movie over and over again and each time I see something new. It seems to me that a major problem with US spy organizations is its inbreeding which leads to the hiring of an obviously unsuitable candidate by reason of temperament and inclination for a government front company.<br /><br />I do recall when the Falconeer escaped from prison and led the authorities on a wild goose chase. I see that despite the escape he is now released. A pity the Soviets are no longer around to accept the wretch! A Cheery Cherio!),-0.5
(1900,"I've rent the movie because i'm very fond on war movies and on the cover picture i've read "" better than save private ryan""....mmmmm ...i thought cool! guys....is just a ridiculous movie. Almost fun. Nothing to do with a proper war movie. I want my money back! Why the f...k the peoples lies??????????? F NO SUBTITLES They tried to make everything cooler with the light....but they didn't make it. Sorry about this.....but the movie is awful. The italians are shown as ""Mafia e mandolino""<br /><br />The American as stupid farmer The Germans as even more stupid farmer.<br /><br />The actor are ridiculous and unprofessional.<br /><br />Please....please......"),-0.7
(1909,Complete entertainment! Although there are many strange things in the movie that the fairy tale itself doesn't have them including the autumn characters (mother and daughter) the general concept rocks.),-1.0
(1927,1st watched 8/31/1996 - (Dir-Tim Robbins): Very thought provoking and very well done movie on the subject of the death penalty. Deserved more recognition and publicity than it received.),-1.5
(1975,Kurosawa really blew it on this one. Every genius is allowed a failure. The concept is fine but the execution is badly blurred.<br /><br />There is an air of fantasy about this film making it something of an art film. The poverty stricken of Tokyo deserve a fairer and more realistic portrayal. Many of them have interesting stories to tell. A very disappointing film.),-0.6666666666666666
(2001,"It's true that you always remember what you were doing at a point when disaster or tragedy strikes. And none more so that September 11),-0.6666666666666666
(2023,What a tedious turgid boring mess. This is a classic example of all that is wrong with contemporary English theater & film. About as exciting as a closet full of dirty socks. The very opposite of living film. Only the presence of Joanne Whalley gives it any spark.),-1.0
(2110,!!!!! OF COURSE THERE'S SPOILERS !!!!! I'm sure this project started off as a screen writing workshop on avoiding clichés in horror movies: Female protagonist - Check Bad things happen to drug takers - Check Heorine knocks out villain - Check Heroine doesn't notice villain recovering unconsciousness - Check Frame the sequence so we see recovered villain creep up behind heroine - Check Unfortunately it seems someone has sent this cliché list to a film studio instead of using it for class . Dear oh dear if only London transport was as regular as the clichés turning up here . In fact there's so many clichés and seen it all before moments that no one actually thought about going into detail as to what the eponymous creep is or how long he's been killing people on the underground . I'm led to believe it's the result of some human experiment and perhaps it's not until that night he decided to take his revenge out on humanity but all this is so vague as to be meaningless Not to be totally negative I doubt very much if the producers thought they'd be making a film that was going to sweep the Oscars that year and there's always a market for horror movies . Likewise I doubt if it cost too much produce and had one eye on the DVD market rather than cinema distribution and I will state that it's slightly better than 1972's DEATH LINE which also featured a murderous cannibal hiding in the London underground . it's just that when you think all the clichés have been used up in this film another cliché comes along to raise its ugly head),-1.3076923076923077
(2176,VHS - I have watched this over and over and LOVED every minute of it so much so I have now ordered the DVD I only wished the film could have lasted longer. I never worry about what other people think I prefer to make my own mind up and entirely disagree with the negative comments and will not let others spoil my enjoyment of the film whatsoever. Make up your own mind and don't let others put you off! I have all Jane Austen's BBC series but this is my FAVOURITE. I see there is to be a NEW Northanger Abbey released in 2007 which I will buy when it comes out but it will not stop me watching Northanger Abbey released in the 80's.),-2.0
(2295,"I may not be the one to review this movie because after 45 minutes of pure boredom and stupidity I turned the channel. The original series only lasted 2 years which can be said about the careers for Adam West and Burt Ward. Put these two ""actors"" in a stupid movie and the result is twice as bad."),-2.0
(2309,This movie is so over-the-top as to be a borderline comedy. Laws of physics are broken. Things explode for no good reason. Great movie to sit down with a six-pack and enjoy. Do not - I repeat DO NOT see this movie sober. You will die horrible death!!!),-1.0
(2502,This movie was unbelievably bad... It's gory but the violence is just too much to the point where it looks extremely fake and predictable. Since Everything is shown to you there is nothing left to the imagination. And the plot... what plot? There really isn't any! The pacing is unbelievably slow (despite the random acts of violence) and the screenplay must have been written by a deranged 12 year old kid who kills kittens for fun. So this movie was banned in 31 countries? I could see why... not because of the gore (boring and trite) but because it was a terrible movie. It should have been BANNED from existence. Avoid this one like the plague. 1 out of 10),-2.25
(2621,This sequel to Problem Child is just as bad as the first one. It still teaches kids that it's O.K. to be bad. It's impossible for me to recommend this movie to anyone.),-0.5
(2636,"This really is a cringe making exercise. Dressed up as a tribute to fire fighters it contain stupid scenes of ""we're just a bunch of wacky guys"" in the midst of the ""my goodness this can be really dangerous"" parts. Mostly it is just plain dumb. You couldn't believe for a single minute that real fire fighters act like this. It is so awful I couldn't bear to watch at times. If my daughter hadn't rented it and then insisted on seeing it through to the end I would have had no option but to turn it off.<br /><br />Thing is I'm a John Travolta fan. Every interview of his I've seen just raises my opinion of him. I think this was one strictly for the money. I'm sure he'll be happy when this one gets forgotten."),-0.25
(3078,A somewhat dull made for tv movie which premiered on the TBS cable station. Antonio and Janine run around chasing a killer computer virus and...that's about it. For trivia buffs this will be noted as debuting the same weekend that the real life 'Melissa' virus also made it's debut in e-mail inboxes across the world.),-2.0
(3179,"Worst.film.ever Nothing more needs to be said. Aaron Carter is utterly repellent and the rest of the cast should fire their agents immediately. It really is a terrible terrible movie from beginning to end. I wish I could be more eloquent in describing the movies many (oh so many) flaws however I cant be bothered/get too angry to form proper sentences. <br /><br />In short I absolutely hated everything about this movie and not in ""so bad its good"" kinda way...<br /><br />It was unadulterated drek.<br /><br />Gavin"),-1.625
(3291,May Contain Spoilers.<br /><br />An innocent trailer park or maybe 'Compton' LA white kid witnesses a terrible childhood tragedy relating to drugs and violence. An unprofessional but dedicated police partners try to take down a 'sophisticated' high end club drug ring only to be fired and chewed out by the the drug lords high priced attorneys. The plot thickens as more people come back to seek vengeance and justice with a predictable ending. The only memorable part was a walk-on by Ron Jeremy.<br /><br />If I was in a movie theater I would have asked for a refund. I feel sorry for the poor actors in this movie. It was just awful and painful to watch. The worst part was the cinematography were the director kept flashing back within the same scene so the sound would not quite match. And NO it was not a codec nor DVD problem but an intentional technique. Ughh. Two Stars.),-1.4545454545454546
(3595,I saw this film early one morning in the early 90s when i was about 12.I have been trying to find what it was and finally today i did!I remember enjoying it and being a little bit freaked out at the ending when it showed the gravestone of the young boy and his ghostly face!Please could anybody let me no if i can get a copy of this as i would love to see it again.I remember the kid getting stuck down a cornish tin mine and then befriending a boy.cant remember that the kids were stuck there with miners but must have been.the boy helps them out of the mine and turns out to be the ghost of a boy who had died while working down there i think.),-0.25
(3902,A very attractive and capable cast is lost in this deadly boring rehash of the slasher sub-genre. The plot a simply a collection of cliches and set-pieces that we've all seen a hundred times before. Has great potential as an insomnia treatment.),-0.5
(4133,<br /><br />What an absolutely crappy film this is. How or why this movie was made and what the hell Billy Bob Thornton and Charlize Theron were doing signing up for this mediocre waste of time is beyond me. Strong advise for anyone sitting down to catch a flick: DO NOT waste your time on this 'film'.),-2.0
(4234,I saw this on the shelves at the rental place and I have rented everything else so I said why not. Why not is because it's one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It looks like it was shot with home camcorder. I guess thats all the budget would allow. There was less boobs in it than I thought there would be. Some people made it out to be soft porn with a few killings. The funniest part of the whole movie to me is in the extra stuff. There is a spot with deleted scenes. Well there is only one but it is the dumbest and I think it may have brought the rest of the movie down. The girls get in a hot tub and find some chocolate syrup in the bathroom. Yes it ends up all over them. Great stuff !!! This movie is very very bad. Don't bother.),-0.5
(4518,This was it! i would have never expected the ending if i didn't already know the behind the scenes stuff.<br /><br />The one thing that i hated was that why was Shannon kicked off and not Alyssa. i hate her i would rather her character die that Shannon's. what was funny is that in the scene where piper is dieing on the hospital bed and Prue was crying by her side i started crying too lol. at the time that this aired i was about 10yo and my favorite character was Piper from the beginning so i was saying to myself if she dies then i will not see the show anymore! lol<br /><br />then the whole go back in time thing was a shocker and really good. i also blame Pheobe for Prue's death because instead of being with her sisters she had to be a slutty bi*** and be with her good for nothing demon boyfriend.<br /><br />but i think this episode will be now and forever one of my favorites and a CHRMED classic.<br /><br />FOREVER CHARMED! Blessed Be!),-0.5454545454545454
(4597,I would rather have someone cut out my eyeballs with a razor blade than have to watch this movie again. I watched it from start to end thinking it couldn't get any worse....BUT IT DID. The writers and producers should be slapped for putting this kind of crap on television. The actors are ALL terrible. Get out of Hollywood you fools and go work at McDonalds sweeping the floors and emptying the trash. Anyone that thinks this movie is even remotely decent should be hung. They are an embarrassment to humanity. To think we have soldiers putting their lives on the line for anyone that produces this kind of inane garbage. Makes me embarrassed to say I'm an American.),-0.8571428571428571
(4638,I will never forget the night I saw this movie. We were on a submarine on patrol in the North Atlantic and this was the scheduled movie of the evening. We ALL gave up after the second reel. They did not even try to show it at the mid-night showing. Opting for a rerun instead...... This is all I really have to say but they have this stupid rule that my comment must contain ten lines. I'm not supposed to pad the comment with random words so I will just continue to ramble until I get my ten lines of BS. I could not find George Goble listed in the credits but I remember him in the movie. The sining was terrible and the songs even worse.),-2.0
(4953,"Surprisingly good ""Mean Streets""-type crime drama. Foreshadows elements of ""Goodfellas"" and ""Casino"". Joe Pesci's first big role. Clever dialog. I think the Maltin guide gives this a bomb rating. I can only guess no one actually bothered to watch it.<br /><br />Saw this at Tarantino's film fest and he said Scorsese used a number of these actors in Raging Bull."),-0.5
(4964,"I must say that I am fairly disappointed by this ""horror"" movie. I did not get scared even once while watching it. It also is not very suspenseful either.... I was able to guess the ending half way through the movie... So.. what's left?<br /><br />""The Ring"" is a trully scary movie... I wish other movies would stop copying from it (e.g. the trade-mark: long hair). Please give me some originality.<br /><br />Will not recommend this movie."),-0.6666666666666666
(5137,Demi Moore's character in the movie was selected for the SEALs because of her looks. That was a bad start and the movie went down from there. The plot was totally unbelievable. The will to make it in a tough military unit is not enough. This movie did not convince me of a woman's physical ability to perform the types of tasks required.<br /><br />Trying to pretend that women and men are basically the same is an insult to everyone's intelligence. The differences between the sexes are what makes life interesting.),-0.6
(5236,I am so angry to the point i normally down make reviews with spoilers but in this case I'll make an exception.The first scenes of this movies are weak and then when they get to the meat and potatoes of the movie it sucks. This is one movie were i rooted for the bad guys because the captain-save-the-day was unbelievable and there was no connection to him or nothing to make you like him. The lead actor gave the weakest performance and Laurence Fishburne or Matt Dillon couldn't even save this movie. Sometime there are eye openers or great moments in a film that may not be that great..this movie has none. If you are looking for a movie to see in the meantime while nothing peeked your interest...don't choose this one..save your money.),-0.375
(6020,All I can say after watching Snitch'd is please stop Mr. Cahill. It is painfully clear you have no understanding of what you make movies about. If you insist on making movies about gangsters I urge you to do research. It's comical to watch movies with absurd gangbangers that even sound more absurd when they speak.<br /><br />I laughed at the part when Mr. Cahill goes to a school with only 3 students and proceeds to kick their butts in kung fu fashion. This movie was tough as an after school special. Who had the idea to have hats worn that say where a particular gangbanger was from?. I suspect real gangbangers do not wear hats claiming there gang. That would be stupid considering new laws that add length to a prison term if a person is gang related. <br /><br />Snitch'd is the WORST gangbanger movie ever made.),-0.5555555555555556
(6557,I only lasted 15mins before self preservation jerked me out of the empty eyed drooling stupor that this film effortlessly induced and propelled me screaming back to the video shop armed for bear.<br /><br />To say the film was bad would be a missed opportunity to use words interspersed with characters from the top keys on my keyboard (just to keep these comments clean).<br /><br />One to be avoided.<br /><br />),-0.2857142857142857
(6795,I found the storyline in this movie to be very interesting. Best of all it left out the usual sex and violence (they're getting old) inserted in many movies. The movie was well done in its flashbacks to days gone by in that area of the Southwest. The acting was also superb.),-3.0
(6978,I was very disappointed when this show was canceled. Although i can not vote. I live on the island of Aruba. I sat down to see the show on tuesday. And was very surprised that it didn't aired. The next day i read on the internet that it was canceled.<br /><br />It's true not every one was as much talented as the other. But there were very talented people singing.<br /><br />I find it very sad for them.<br /><br />That they worked so hard and there dreams came tumbling down.<br /><br />Its a pity<br /><br />Ariette Croes),-0.4
(7191,Sometimes you wonder how some people get funding to create a movie as bad as this one. You can only stand about 5 minutes of this utter piece of garbage before you stomp back into blockbuster and demand your money back. I will now look at Michael Clarke Duncan with apprehension...why....he lent his name to this vermin.),-0.3333333333333333
(7446,This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I was deceived into thinking it might be good because a couple of my favorite actors are in it. Now I want to punch Jason Schwartzman in the face for taking this role. I was physically ill after watching this film. I really don't understand Hollywood sometimes. There are so many people trying to break in that I'm sure you can skim off the top and get the very best. That way the worst movie you make is equivalent to Ferris Beullar instead of this sludge. The gags like the hair doll and blatantly ripping off jeans commercials added to the humorlessness of the film. Glad I avoided this film and watched it on TV. This proves that you should avoid January releases at all cost.),-0.2727272727272727
(7461,"This film is about so many things. Most obvious is the hold that film can have over an audience and how capturing life on film can be a kind of magic. There is also the tense relationship between China and the West as many Chinese saw (probably rightly so) the ""Barbarians"" as trying to take over and pollute their way of life. Liu even seeks to preserve their way of life on film because he sees that it will one day disappear. Their is also Liu's internal conflict between the loyalties and traditions of China versus the self-determination philosophy of the West. All these themes are woven quite skillfully into a coherent and enjoyable whole by Hu. A very enjoyable film."),-1.0
(7516,The turgid pace of this movie numbs us to any shocks that it might provide. There was no real suspense. Most of the characters were insipid. The chesty Irish priest was as lame as the love interest. Interest is misleading. The girl that they chose to provide the film's sensuality might be better. The central conflict of the main character was uninvolving. This film is entirely devoid of positives. It is like a tedious exercise by someone who didn't want to go to the gym that day but did anyway.),-0.14285714285714285
(7518,Scary in places though the effects did leave something to be desired unless you have bad eyesight or are afraid of the dark. However most of the acting was convincing and most of the effects were well done. I thought the creature looked a bit too much like a man in a gorilla suit for my liking. It reminded me of the original pink panther film.),-0.4
(7737,First of all that I would like to say is that Edison Chen is extremely hot and that Sam Lee is looking much better than before XD! This is probably one of the most original movies I have seen so far; shows a poverty lifestyle background of a Cambodian. The Cambodian(Edison aka Pang) goes around killing people to survive himself; has done it throughout his entire life. Sam Lee's(Wai) duty is to capture the Cambodian for good. There are tons of violent actions but has a good story to it. The movie shows the struggles between those two characters; they both beat each other like angry dogs. GO AND WATCH PPL...STRONGLY SUGGESSTED!!! (GO HK FILMS)),-0.3333333333333333
(7973,"In addition to the fact that this is just an abysmally made film (imagine giving a camcorder to the average high school drama club) the people who think that there is anything ""real"" about this legend need to grow up. This is the 21st century. Guess what: ghosts don't exist. Most people learn that from their mother when they're about 5 years old. You guys seriously need to grow up.<br /><br />The fact that a fraud was perpetrated nearly 2 centuries ago does not make it any less a fraud. The fact that a large number of inbred hillbillies from Tennessee believe it doesn't do it either. Go to college. Or at least finish high school."),-4.0
(8141,"I am testing myself to watch 3 bad movies in a row to find out if watching 3 bad movies in a row could give me amnesia I have a dubbed to English version of this movie. Now let me go down the points Music Score: bad quality but at least it suits Story: it's about a guy who goes to a town and he meets his sheriff brother and they fight for farmers land from a major and he allies with mexicans to drive them out and Trinity and his brother try to teach them to defend it - The final climatic fight scene will confuse anyone about who the #### are the good guys Conclusion: better than I thought but I need to continue with this I am next going to watch the Dolph Lungren and Jean-Claudde Vanne Damme movie ""Universal Soldier"" pray for my sanity"),-0.7777777777777778
(8435,It has a bit of that indie queer edge that was hip in the 90s and which places an explicit sell-by date on the visual style. Characters are uniformly apathetic and farcically deadpan. Street hoodlums in Greece wear new clothing out of the box without creases or stains. They all appear to visit the same marine hair dresser. All uniformly exhibit the same low IQ when making their dispassionate underground business deals. When things go wrong its all because they aren't real Greeks - they're pastoral sunshine boys caught in a strange night city world. Makes a big whine about disaffected immigrants but never bothers to actually investigate the problems with Russian/Kazakh/Albanian cultures. If Giannaris had the proper perspective on this project it might have made a wonderful Bel Ami production. The fleeting glimpses of toned boy-beef is the only spark in this generic small-time mobster programmer.),-0.2222222222222222
(8452,"A real classic. A shipload of sailors trying to get to the towns daughters while their fathers go to extremes to deter the sailors attempts. A maidens cry for aid results in the dispatch of the ""Rape Squad"". A cult film waiting to happen!"),-1.0
(8467,This movie is stupid and i hate it!!! i turned it off before it reached half i hate this movie. Amitabh sucks in this movie i wanna throw eggs at the person who directed this movie. This movie is stupid and i hate it!!! i turned it off before it reached half i hate this movie. Amitabh sucks in this movie i wanna throw eggs at the person who directed this movie. This movie is stupid and i hate it!!! i turned it off before it reached half i hate this movie. Amitabh sucks in this movie i wanna throw eggs at the person who directed this movie. This movie is stupid and i hate it!!! i turned it off before it reached half i hate this movie. Amitabh sucks in this movie i wanna throw eggs at the person who directed this movie. This movie is stupid and i hate it!!! i turned it off before it reached half i hate this movie. Amitabh sucks in this movie i wanna throw eggs at the person who directed this movie.),-2.0
(8545,This is the absolute worst movie I have ever seen!! There was absolutely nothing good to say about this movie. I have seen some bad movies but this one takes it. There is no plot and most of the movie you are either fast forwarding the movie to get it done faster or you are wondering what the hell is going on because you can't seriously think that someone thought of this movie and you are watching it. I feel sorry for anyone who has to sit through this painful hour and a half. Please take my advice and DO NOT WATCH this movie for I know you will think it is the biggest waste of time you have ever spent in your life.),-1.4285714285714286
(8676,This was a very disappointing movie. I would definitely call this the worst movie of all time.<br /><br />The acting and writing were poor. And the jokes were not funny.<br /><br />I don't see why on earth this piece of crap was even made. I'm not a picky person and I can enjoy stupid things but this is just way too stupid and just plain awful.<br /><br />Avoid this wretched piece of garbage at all costs!),-1.1428571428571428
(8836,"American Tourist on package tour in Asia suffering recent bereavement decides to break law by: 1 Ignoring curfew; 2 Joining revolutionary army; 3 Possessing and using illegal firearm...... etc etc What is meant to be a political and educational statement about the so called atrocities of a military dictatorship in Asia ends up as a ""How To"" travel guide for disillusioned Americans....especially those who wish to protest that the water in the hotel does not work.... Regrettably the authors of this silly yarn have no clue about Asia...nor it seems in writing sensible dialogue... example:...our human-rights heroine searching desperately for medicine in the furthest outreaches of the Asian jungle miles from anywhere comes across a peasant and asks: ""Excuse me-does this town have a pharmacy?""...Well....those who know something about the Asian jungle will appreciate how ludicrous that scenario really is.... Mind you I was recently in the Thai jungle and an American asked me.... ""excuse me....do you know where is MacDonalds?"" This movie is meant to be a serious drama but ends up as a parody and rip-off of all those ""killing fields"" type of films designed to confirm tha Asian stereotype held by much of western ""civilization"" and re-inforced by Hollywood Fantasies such as this..... The basic message of this picture is: ""we Americans...coming from the worlds only true democracy have a divine right to go to all other nations...and put right their wrongs.....screw-up their environment....and teach them about freedom....."" (see for example The Beach......at least Leo did it with a bit more style)....of course Vietnam is another story.... And.....the educated Asian may well ask why the Yankie Gungh-Ho attitude about Asia should come from a nation whose main contribution to humanity has been helping to spread Cancer... Aids.. Gun carrying kiddies and Jerry Springer......et al.. At the end of this picture the cynical viewer may well be cheering for the Burmese Military..... 3 out of 10.<br /><br />"),-0.8125
(8913,If this awful film moved at a snails pace it would at least be moving.Watching grass grow would be more interesting. It was painful to sit through and I only stayed in the theatre to see how all the cruel teens would die.Where is Brian DePalma????),-3.0
(8913,this documentary is founded on sponge cake as soon as you put any REAL evidence on it the integrity slowly sinks into a big pile of crap for example Bart Sibrel claims they must have had multiple lighting sources because the shadows appear to be crossing if this were the case wouldn't there be two or more shadows for each object when Apollo 11 went through the van Allan radiation belts they spent 30 Min's there not the 90 Min's claimed in the documentary and they received a dose of radiation more equivalent to that of an an x ray.<br /><br />seriously do some research learn what really happened don't let this pile of crap of a documentary mold your opinion of what really happened),-0.75
(8922,"There have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that I really liked. This was not one of them.<br /><br />It was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like I was watching a soap opera. It was ludicrously predictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking ""that's it?"". Once I decided not to take the movie too seriously and watch it from a purely corny point of view it became more enjoyable. This is one movie that would have wound up on MST3000 if it was still on."),-0.5
(8952,Charles Bronson stars as Lt Crowe a police detective who declares war on a pimp named Duke (Juan Fernandez) who kidnaps the daughter of a Japanese businessman who is the man who sexually harassed Crowe's daughter (Amy Hathaway) in this sleazy yet stylishly helmed revenge thriller. Kinjite may not be for everyone with it's somewhat disturbing plot threads but it is well made and indeed entertaining.),-2.0
(8963,The Pallbearer is a disappointment and at times extremely boring with a love story that just doesn't work partly with the casting of Gwyneth Paltrow (Julie). Gwyneth Paltrow walks through the entire film with a confused look on her face and its hard to tell what David Schwimmer even sees in her.<br /><br />However The Pallbearer at times is funny particularly the church scene and the group scenes with his friends are a laugh but that's basically it. Watch The Pallbearer for those scenes only and fast forward the rest. Trust me you aren't missing much.),-0.25
(8975,I was shocked at how bad it was and unable to turn away from the disaster. This made 'Major League II' and 'Blues Brothers 2000' Oscar-worthy in comparison.<br /><br />I have tried to remember watching anything as bad as this in my life and was unable to come up with anything even close.),-2.6666666666666665
(8978,Can only be described as awful. It is bad to start with and then gets even more bad. When you start you really have to watch it through because it is impossible to believe that it can get worse - but fear not because it does. Another poorly written script for a donkey director for no-talent offspring of past movie stars. It's hard to decide if the script is worse than the acting or whether the directing is worse than both. As for the hero - well he belts up everyone including one scene where he beats the living daylights out of the tough by swinging open the wardrobe door and smashing him against the window with it. And in another scene he gets thrown through a window and crashes 20ft onto concrete - doesn't even blink - then gets up immediately and gets stuck into the baddies. This is a really ridiculous movie. Lucky it only cost me $1 to hire.),-2.0
(8981,"i thought this movie was wonderfully plotted it made me confused and my cousin who watched it with me.to tell the truth i think that the younger kevin dillon was hot.hahahaha...but i also thought the girl was stupid to go along with the cop and that was wrong what he said to her before his death""i was inside you"".i think that's what she gets for doing what she did with him and how is he going to tell her that she's too young when he never cared how old the other girls were.?now i don't think i myself could ever trust a cop like that.but to tell the truth it was pretty obvious it was him even if he was wanting to become a cop i would still be suspicious of him either way.and that was funny when she sprayed him in the eye in the store.hahahahaha.she was still stupid for going into the warehouse again by herself and so was the cop who died HELLO!! it's called back-up.sometimes these movies make me mad when people act stupid and do stupid things.but that's what i think an thought about the movie."),-1.0
(8984,I just found the IMDb and searched this film and I was moved almost to tears by the comments of all the people who saw this film as I did when 6 or so years old in 1967?. I saw it before the Jungle Book so I was Eagle Boy for a few hours and then Mowgli for the next year. I burst into tears at the cinema when the boy turned into the Eagle and always wanted to see the film again. When we got home we had a Roast chicken dinner and I got the wish bone and guess who I wished to be? My dad then said 'I bet you wished to be an Eagle' and of course we all know that wishes are broken if someone guesses so more tears and a little resentment to this day for not being able to fly away...),-0.8333333333333334
(9026,"The US appear to run the UK police who all run around armed to the teeth and did you know that CID officers change into uniform when they stop work and go down the pub! This has got to be one of the most unrealistic films with the worst portrayal of ""real"" UK police that has ever been foisted on the unsuspecting public. I can see that Mr Snipes might have needed the money to pay his back tax bill but what the heck a good actor like Charles Dance was doing in it is a mystery.<br /><br />Worse than the worse low budget ""B"" film of the 50's. An hour and a half of suicide and time I will never get back.<br /><br />Avoid it like the veritable plague."),-0.375
(9089,This may just be the worst movie of all time. Never have I seen such horrible film making before in my life. Its so bad I think I want to go watch Barney instead. I advise everyone who reads this to write a petition to get this movie off of our film history so we can never hear from it again. I give it 1 out of 10.),-2.0
(9096,There was a reasonably good looking girl starring the film(Zoe Mclellan) but even her looks couldn't stop me from voting it the lowest possible - one.<br /><br />The plot is bad and irrational.<br /><br />What more can I say. The movie sucks.),-0.5
(9099,This is the first Woody Allen film I've found not worth watching. I think Woody has tried many different genres to interest results but this movie just left me irritated and bored. The music is lovely but don't bother watching this hopeless mock-umentary.),-0.16666666666666666
(9099,There were times during the movie I wish I had been beat to death. The only reason I endured the entirety of the movie was because I couldn't believe how bad it really was and thought it must get better. This truly was a horror film. I was horrified that I wasted what seemed like 4 hours of my life that I will never get back. The other two hours I spent mourning at the loss. Please recommend this movie to whomever you wish to torture and tell them the suspense will kill them.),-1.1
(9099,Bad bad bad....<br /><br />This is another stupid movie. still don't know what is the language of this movie? is itEnglish or french or German!?!! you have to be speaking all 3 languages ( at least ); preffered Italian too to understand it. poor quality translation with very hard to read font. showing a very stupid way of ending this movie!! in the mid of the movie you will lose interest in this movie and start to think why am i watching this?! brad pitt is proving that his acting talent is going down.<br /><br />Maybe this is the movie number 1000000 that talks about Nazis. is there any other subjects that Hollywood can produce?! I think this movie is another American propaganda to show super heros American. I expect next Hollywood movie is American hero will save Jesus!!!),-0.4
(9260,Excellent episode movie ala Pulp Fiction. 7 days - 7 suicides. It doesnt get more depressing than this. Movie rating: 8/10 Music rating: 10/10),-2.0
(9276,Terrible movie. Nuff Said.<br /><br />These Lines are Just Filler. The movie was bad. Why I have to expand on that I don't know. This is already a waste of my time. I just wanted to warn others. Avoid this movie. The acting sucks and the writing is just moronic. Bad in every way. The only nice thing about the movie are Deniz Akkaya's breasts. Even that was ruined though by a terrible and unneeded rape scene. The movie is a poorly contrived and totally unbelievable piece of garbage.<br /><br />OK now I am just going to rag on IMDb for this stupid rule of 10 lines of text minimum. First I waste my time watching this offal. Then feeling compelled to warn others I create an account with IMDb only to discover that I have to write a friggen essay on the film just to express how bad I think it is. Totally unnecessary.),-1.2
(9279,I've had to change my view on the worst film in the world having just seen this one. THIS IS IT!<br /><br />Make no mistake this film is awful.<br /><br />Here's a list of reasons:<br /><br />Hopeless storyline (despite being based on a true story). Dreadful acting (what was Judge Reinhold thinking) Unbelieveably bad stunts. Childish dialogue. Non-existent continuity. Lack of atmosphere.<br /><br />Get the picture?<br /><br />),-1.4
(9288,dark angel rocks! the best show i have seen in ages damn those people who took it off! me and my friends have gatherings to watch every DA episode! takes like 4 days but it is worth it! it finished before it finished what it wanted to say and that annoys the hell out of me!),-0.5
(9291,My grandad gave me this DVD. With friends like these. The front cover looked quite scary thought i'd watch it. What a bloody mistake.<br /><br />Basically the film follows three people on a bus and what happens to them involving friends.<br /><br />The first one is about a guy who buys a car that talks to him. The second is a about a guy who wakes up to find a cassarole clone in his fridge. And the third is about a woman who does online dating but it turns out he has a robotic arm.<br /><br />The DVD case rated this film 18 but even a 5 year old can watch this and not be scard or entertained. The film should be rated 12 for slight scares and the swear word bloody.<br /><br />All in all this film is utter shite don't go near it.),-1.25
(9292,This movie was billed as a comedy and a mystery. It fails badly at both. The only mystery here is why would anybody make such a poorly constructed movie. The only comedy is the laugh I got when I saw how high the readers here ranked it. Could there be two movies with the same name? The movie I saw starred a girl with pretty blue eyes and a plot that wasn't there.<br /><br />),-0.16666666666666666
(9297,Bad acting. Bad writing. This was a poorly written film. It's too bad because it had some potential. It's not even close to American Pie or Something about Mary as previous comments might have you believe. Rent it at dollar night from you local video store if you're kind of bored.),-0.5
(9310,I saw Brigadoon on TV last night (12 Sept 2009). I am 61 years old and have been watching films as long as I can remember. I can truthfully say that Brigadoon stands alone as by far and away the worst film I have ever seen. The accents were shameful. The local children's club would have produced better sets. The characters were so wooden that they probably contracted dry rot from the tears of the patrons who had the misfortune to watch them. It is to be hoped that the stars of this film had hides thick enough to protect them from the embarrassment which they must have suffered on seeing this film. The owners of this tripe should perform a great service to mankind and destroy all copies of this film.),-0.7777777777777778
(9311,Shameless waste of my time as a viewer. This is one of the worst films I've seen in ages. Please do not rent it as you will regret doing so! Guaranteed! I wonder how Kathleen Turner ended up in this! She is a legitimate actress and people would perhaps be attracted to this film because of her. But it really is better to act as if this title was never made! It should not have come into existence!),-0.6
(9311,this movie absolutely terrible ..not only was the acting awful but so was the sleep got while this movie played..this movie achieved the all powerful goal of crap ..i watched this movie thinking my 5$ wouldn't b in vein .but i was very wrong ..i guarantee u r better off just reading what i have to say about this unbelievably horrible movie b4 ..puttin yourself in the way of this dignity depriving movie ..i give it a negative 1 for trying..but no please no don't watch this movie..i had friends who joined me for this film..shortly after they were no longer found this movie actually will make u end your life please please don't see it i beg of u. if u see this movie make sure u destroy all copies because this movie is a spawn of Satan.),-0.875
(9362,I remember watching this film back in 86' when it first came out & what an awful film. The acting was atrocious the plot was so flimsy it would or is that should have blew away in a breath of wind. I think it put me to sleep on more than one occasion & i was not tired that i remember. Please avoid at all costs better still have all your teeth taken out with no anaesthetic cos that would be more entertaining. It's just a pity i couldn't give it a zero or a negative score. I wish i had not wasted my money getting this one from the video shop all i can say was that the tape it was on was still brand new practically hardly surprising as the film was so poor. If i remember right i sat & watched it with a girl i really wanted to go out with & the fact she was sat next to me was still not enough to keep me awake thats how bad this film was.),-1.3
(9400,This movie was extremely boring. It should least not more than 15 minutes. The images of child and animal being killed were little bit disturbing.<br /><br />Usually I don't write comments but this one was so bad having so many good and excellent comments. I think in this case we are one step closer to honest assessment of this title.<br /><br />What more can I say? I fall asleep during this movie 3 times. It was about 4 hours after I had woken up from 8 hours long sleeping period. I think it is the point itself.<br /><br />There is no dialog between characters except maybe 2 sentences at the very end.<br /><br />When you fall asleep once watching it do not try to rewind and catch up because you will fall asleep again.),-0.14285714285714285
(9449,Saw this movie at the Rotterdam IFF. You may question some decisions of the maker - like choosing a mockumentary form for such a sensitive and horrible subject - but this movie sure hits you in the gut. Especially the last scenes were almost painful to watch. Hope it gets the distribution it deserves.),-0.5
(9471,this is the worst film i have ever seen and what disappoints me the most is that this is yash raj film so at first when you see the promos you think yes thats definitely another yash raj hit But when you see the film your eyes will water with disappoint the storyline is stupid and dumb we've seen it many times boy is soon to marry and falls in love with a girl blah blah blah. if you do see this pathetic film don't go with you family there is too much exposure and kiss scene. i don even see why you would go to see it on your own. overall this is a disgraceful disgusting and anything else which is bad and starts with a d film don't go to see it you'll end up hating yash ji and yash raj films),-1.5
(9493,"Uncle Fred Olen Ray once again gives us a little of his Retromedia ""goodness"" in the form of this soft-core Cinemax non-classic.<br /><br />A numb-nut pair are out looking at rocks when they come across a swirling vortex a ""black hole"" as the intelligent dolts put it. Pretty soon an attractive cave girl from one million years ago happens into out time-line and she beds her way into the future. Pretty soon her studly other half makes his way into the future as well and blazes a path through the beds of the future.<br /><br />Ray again delivers a passable (but barely) smut-fest that has horrible acting but some decent skin. Yeah it's barely titillating but heh! If worse comes to worse it will cure you insomnia.<br /><br />S10 reviews: 1/5 or 3/10"),-0.8
(9495,This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen! The only advantage seeing this movie is that the next movie can't possibly be worse. It's childish as hell (but Children aren't allowed)),-1.75
(9544,"it's hard to tell the actors from the non-actors. Bad American movies can be spotted by all the youngsters prefacing every single line of dialog with ""You know what?"" Bad Canadian movies can be spotted by all the youngsters ending every single line of dialog with ""Eh?"" Have we learned nothing in a century of filmmaking? Cannot the entire weight of millions of wannabes descending on Hollywood with scripts and reels in hand rescue us from these horrible TV-movies-made-to-order?"),-0.6666666666666666
(9571,Did anyone stop to realise what sort of movie they were producing here ? Now let`s a former marine officer becomes assinged to a group of kids at a cadet school so this should be a family comedy right ? Wrong . This is just a gross comedy aimed at teenagers with many bad taste moments .It might have been watchable in an extremely dumb way at this point but I found Damon Wayans voice to be irritating beyond belief . Does he speak like that in real life ? If he does then he has my sympathy but he won`t be getting any of my money from watching his movies),-0.6666666666666666
(9573,This movie was disappointing for at least one of two reasons. The suspense created disappeared because of horrible acting or lack of direction from the director.. I don't know.. it was like a tasty bubble gum that seemed to run out of flavor yet you continue to chew on it because it once tasted great. Like most thrillers The Hitchhiker had promise yet failed to deliver when it had me bright eyed and ready to turn the volume down(I was watching the movie alone.. in the dark) This so called thriller simply came apart like it was made of Lego transforming into something else. It simply ran out of gas and left me staring at a made-for-TV-like style movie with one exception.. it was probably rated-R.),-0.4444444444444444
(9574,Izzard was both hysterical and insightful in his humor. He definitely represents his own little niche in the comedic world.<br /><br />It's a pity more Americans won't see this stand-up routine due to its PAL-only availability.),-2.5
(9574,Four Guys (Jacks) go into the restaurant business with a fifth Guy and lose all common sense. They allow themselves to be abused worse than textile workers at the turn of the century without simply leaving the situation. This is truly one of the worst films I have ever seen. I just hope I can resell this item to someone who might like it. <br /><br />It is true that it holds your attention if you can let the illogical plot developments not bother you too much. It is very silly throughout however especially once a stranger enters the restaurant. Who is he? Guess.<br /><br />),-0.5555555555555556
(9591,"i didn't even bother finishing the movie because i was so bored i thought i was going to pass out i was watching it in the movie theaters and me and my friends just got tired so we got up and left to another movie if i ever have to sit through 2 min. of that movie again i think I'm going to shoot myself...and i do know the whole entire movie because my friend told me what happened at the end and i wasn't surprised at all i mean who didn't know she was going to do the right thing and let him be happy i mean for real you would have to be a complete idiot not to know that. i know i didn't miss anything and if somebody ask's me to see that movie i would say ""over my dead body""."),-1.5
(9593,The worst movie ever made. If anyone asks you what is the worst movie you've ever seen - tell them Plump Fiction. Of all the movies I've ever seen this gotta be the most lame experience. Even the poorest sequels are pure masterpieces compared),-1.2
(9616,The Lack of content in this movie amazed me the most. First i though that people was going to compare this to Rock On! but i'm really surprised myself to say that this was worst than Rock On! So-so story Horrible cast Ajay Devgan Jamming with Salman Khan and Asin you gotta be kidding me. The music was Okay Khanabadosh was the track of the movie the rest was bad! Vipul Shah hasn't still learn from Singh is King's critically bashed comedy. Now Asin.. where do she come from sorry for Asin's fan out there but she suck*d big time in this movie seriously bad acting she didn't look good at all overdose of make-up! My final verdict go watch Aladin with your family instead wasting your time here.),-0.4
(9626,"Reasonably effective horror/science-fiction a la ""Alien"" is fairly well done given its limited ambitions. Some nice special effects and well paced action sequences adequately patch the cracks in the rather tiresome dialogue. When a space craft crash lands on a remote planet the survivors soon become aware that a hideous terror awaits them in the dark of the upcoming total eclipse."),-0.3333333333333333
(9631,This movie was bad from the start. The only purpose of the movie was that Angela wanted to get a high body count. The acting was horrible. The killings were acted out very badly. Like when Ally got stuffed down that toilet I guess it was in the abandoned cabin. But when the end of the movie comes and Molly and the other guy are in the cabin you see Ally so Angela must have gone in to get her. The part that really got me was when the black girl and Angela were in the cabin and Angela took the guitar string and chocked her. One it was horrible acting and two why wouldn't you just turn around and punch the bitch?!?!? Then when Molly is getting chased by Angela if you have the neigh why not just turn around and stab her??? So stupid. This movie sucked...),-2.5
(9679,"Barney is about ""IMAGINATION"" what you guys do not have if my preschooler never wanted to play pretend like they do in that show then i would be worried. What 2 or 3 year old actually gets all that anyways its all about the colors and the singing. For those of you saying that all they do on Barney is eat junk food and recommend Sesame Street better well what about ""cookie monster"" thats all he eats but i haven't seen anyone comment that one. I do agree that sesame is a better educational show but barney is just like a show for fun don't be too serious if you didn't like your child watching TV and worried about them understanding things you don't believe then you shouldn't be propping them down in front of the TV in the first place because all of that is fake everything is fake actors are fake so why don't you take your fake brains and put it to use and think if you have a problem with a fake television show for kids then turn it off and play with them yourselves and teach them what you want them to learn not BIG BIRD or Bert & Ernie or barney someone who used to watch all those shows and turned out fine."),-0.17647058823529413
(9700,I felt that the movie was dry... very disappointing no plot..kept waited for something to happened and nothing did dry as a bone.. a wast of money.. One of Robins Williams worst films..if you don't believe me wait a few months it will be out on DVD because that seems to be a pattern for movies that don't do well in the theaters are out as rentals before the year is over... This is one you will not want to see or say why did I spend my money on that!. Plus for it being such a new movie there were only 8 people in the watching it.... This was on a Friday night the 9:50 showing. I also felt that it needed some more excitement or something to keep us awake. When they characters spoke in the movie the voices were also very low you could not hear what they were saying..),-0.4
(9707,This movie I watched back in 1981 when it came out. Although I missed the first part of the movie what I did see was great. this movie is hard to find but if found you must see. The acting is great. very believable sad movie. If I ever find me a copy I definitely will buy me a copy to treasure.),-1.6666666666666667
(9728,"This movie was so horrible...I want to beat the hell out of who ever made this movie...I was a original fan of all the ghoulies movies...but when i seen this i just began to cry I could not handle it..There are not even ne ghoulies in it...like the original creative monsters...this is so friggen cheap...I meen come on a witch...thats bull crap no one wants to see the witch...they wanted to see what the movie is about...""GHOULIES"" i meen jeesh am i right or what? Thats y we watched the other ones..now we have to actually put up with this horrible storyline...This makes me want to eat my own poop after Spaghetti Monday!!!"),-0.5555555555555556
(9833,I really cant think of anything good to say about this film...not a single thing. The script is a nightmare.. the writer blurs the line between chemical and biological traits and doesnt seem to understand the difference. You'd think they would at least get a technical advisor. The performances were bad by most of the cast... although I dont really blame them.. the material really stinks. The editing was equally bad.. I'll just stop now.. its all bad 2/10),-1.2
(9833,OK its not the best film I've ever seen but at the same time I've been able to sit and watch it TWICE!!! story line was pretty awful and during the first part of the first short story i wondered what the hell i was watching but at the same time it was so awful i loved it cheap laughs all the way.<br /><br />And Jebidia deserves an Oscar for his role in this movie the only thing that let him down was half way through he stopped his silly name calling.<br /><br />overall the film was pretty perfetic but if your after cheap laughs and you see it in pound land go by it.),-0.18181818181818182
(9837,This insipid mini operetta featuring a Eddy-McDonald prototype in a Valentino scenario is so bad it becomes an endurance exercise after five minutes. It's silly from the get go as this brevity opens two military men discussing the lack of manliness in the son of one of the officers. In under a minute he is packed off to Morrocco where he lives a double life as the Red Shadow; the leader of an Arab tribe that would rather sing than fight.<br /><br />Alexander Gray and Bernice Clare possess fine light opera voices (with little acting ability) and there's a decent bass in there as well but the acting is so haphazard scenes so ill prepared you get the feeling they are making things up as they go along.<br /><br />This two reeler was part of a larger stage production that lists six writers. With more room to spoof and warble the show may have had some entertainment values but this rushed quickie is little more than an insult to an audience waiting for the feature presentation.),-0.6
(9849,Steven what have you done you have hit an all new low. It is weird since Steven's last film shadow man was directed by the same director who did this trash. Shadow man was good this was diabolically bad so bad it wasn't even funny Steven is hardly in the movie and feels like he is in a cameo appearance and when he is in the film he is dubbed half the time anyway. As for the action well let's just say the wizard of oz had more action than this trash there is hardly any action in the film and when it does finally arrive it is boring depressing badly shot so called action scenes. Seagal hardly kills anyone unlike his over films where he goes one man army ie under siege 1 and 2 and exit wounds. the plot is so confusing with so many plot holes that it doesn't make scenes sometimes. flight of fury better be good what a shame i wasted 5 pounds on this garbage 0 out of ten better luck next time),-0.35294117647058826
(9879,Farrah Fawcett gives the best performance by an actress on film in this gritty real life attempted rape thriller where she turns the tables & gives James Russo a taste of his own medicine. A must see for any movie fan.),-0.5
(9889,"This movie makes me think the others I've seen with Combs were an accident. The plot had more holes than I think I've ever seen in a movie purporting to be something more than a ""b"" movie. The acting was so laughable that not even the memories of Combs' past campy triumphs were enough to save it. Considering the script I have to imagine that there was not enough money in the budget for things like continuity and original ideas. I am thoroughly upset that I paid Blockbuster prices for this trash. The fact that it was made for television was something that would have helped me avoid this atrocity and frankly something that movies this poor should be required to warn you of. Avoid this movie no matter what."),-0.375
(9902,Well I'd have to say that I do own this film and I only like the ending. The movie is boring and slow but the final fight is so funny. Lets just say that if the fake bird didn't attack the main evil guy this movie would be a 0 out of 10. The bird though makes it a 3. If you are truly bored or want something terrible to watch rent this and fast forward to the final battle.),-1.4444444444444444
(9918,This movie was bad to say the least!!! The plethora of superb cars are disgraced to have have been showcased in this LAME movie. It starts off with a race from L.A. to Las Vegas to be completed in 1HR 45min...in a Ferrari F430. I did that in 1HR 50min in a tiny 4cylinder 140HP 1993 Honda Accord. Seriously...this movie does not do justice to these cars. Obviously these writers are just that and probably drive under the speed limit with their hands @ 10 & 2 o'clock. I remember seeing on the news how Eddie Griffin crashed a 1.5 million dollar Ferrari Enzo going 30-40MPH>>> youtube.com/watch?v=cNVrMZX2kms <br /><br />And...the director ANDY CHENG is THE biggest SELLOUT!!! He brings shame to his own race. I wonder just how many people he orally pleased just to break into Hollywood. He partook in a movie that portrays Asian Americans in such a negative and FALSE way. Asian women>>cheap money grubbing whores. Asian men>>losing compulsive gamblers & thugs that get beat all the time . What the heck is all the fear about asians?? Why the need to always portray them in such a negative connotation?? I am SO sick of the way Hollywood ALWAYS portrays asians in SUCH a negative and false pretext.),-0.6363636363636364
(9920,Jane Eyre_ is one of the greatest novels in the English language and this screenwriter should of read it. I hate it when writers use Spark notes for what a novel is all about. This movie is unbearable to watch if you have read the book.<br /><br />The whole 'red room' is so down played that I wonder why they even bother to put it in. In the book the 'red room' is foreshadowing for the WHOLE story and the rest of Jane's life. Helen Burns is treated so badly in the movie I'm sure she was happy to die and leave early. In the book she is one of the most compelling characters and she was not the red head. The whole Christian theme is missing from her life and the rest of the movie.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor and miss this movie and read the story as Charlotte Bronte masterfully told it.),-0.5454545454545454
(9946,Don't get fooled by the 'awards' and the comment below. This is just 1 poor movie. The way George Katt played his character (the soft gangster) makes it very annoying to watch. The conversation in the opening scene is a dramatic display of this. De in the rest of the film the character's head seems to be somewhere else. His emotions don't match with the things that happen in the film.The things he says as a voice-over doesn't add anything to the film. It just makes Zeus an even more spineless character with is head in the clouds.<br /><br />The story and the film was put together with a total lack of fantasy. All parts of the film were poorly stolen from other modern directors. Let's hope Jon Rosten will use his own style and ideas for his future films.),-1.2
(9950,Shinjuku Triad Society: Chinese Mafia Wars is unlikely to get distribution in the West outside film festivals. Why? Could your censors stomach a film where policemen anally rape male and female suspects to get them to talk (and the victims enjoy it) or see an old lady have her eye torn out of her skull? These are just a few of the shocks in store for viewers of this ultraviolent cops and gangsters story. It makes Clockwork Orange which was banned for years in the UK look like a Disney cartoon.<br /><br />Should you see this film? YES It is fantastic and essential viewing for fans of Asian cinema. The shocking moments are there to illustrate what goers on in the world of these characters. If you like this make sure you catch Dead or Alive which is very similar (barring the insane ending in DOA of course). Great for Japan that they have a talent like Miike working at the same time as Takeshi Kitano. The best chance of seeing this film outside a Takashi Miike retrospective at a film festival is on DVD. If I haven't put you off try hunting for a Hong Kong version on the web as I'm sure it will come out in that country.),-0.1875
(9962,I as a Christian am outraged after seeing just the first half of this picture. The film's website says they researched the movie before writing but I believe they forgot to consult the ultimate source THE BIBLE. I sat with two different versions of the Bible and could not find half of what happened or was said in this picture. It was like they made up what was not in the Bible and changed what was in the Bible to what they thought modern film viewers would want to see instead of the truth. I personally am too young to remember the 1950's Ten Commandments but it can't be any worse than this. I have written to the network and can only hope they publicly apologize for this travesty.),-0.3333333333333333
(10003,zero day is based of columbine high school massacre. and its a video diary of two boys. at first you don't know whats going to happen you think it is just a bad student film. until they start talking about the horrible things they are going to do in this quite school. until they start talking about pipe bombs and guns and going shooting in the woods. they is a lot to say about this movie. all know this film is well a film you forget you watching a film and watching a real video two boys made.<br /><br />the two boys act like they are in a weird cult. they burn all there stuff. like play station games books dvds homework stuff school stuff. these two boys can be anybody your friends you brothers or the people you see walking down the street. it goes through there daily actives (and that is making a gun. in the videos they make it mentions the bullying that happens to them and how people said stuff about there clothes and the things you are into I'm not saying its right but many people do do things like that.<br /><br />and also the thing is with this people are suspected to like it because of the sensitive topic they have chosen on this film.<br /><br />so thats my review on zero day.<br /><br />and lets just say the end shooting scene is messed up.),-0.5454545454545454
(10008,If you pack all the clichés about city firefighters into 105 minutes; you have Ladder 49.<br /><br />It has a story but is highly clouded by all the clichés. It turns it into movie that with every event; becomes so predictable it's not worth watching. There is no depth to the story and even the acting seems superficial.<br /><br />It looked like it wanted to be a tribute to firefighters but ended up being boring and pretentious. The parallel between Jack Morrison being fatally trapped beneath an inaccessible part of a building and firefighters being trapped beneath the rubble of the Twin Towers was all too obvious.<br /><br />It doesn't compare to movies like Backdraft and certainly does not set an example for future movies about fire personnel.),-0.5555555555555556
(10025,I watched this because of the description and cover art and yet again was deceived.I am getting sick of all these new stupid straight to DVD horror movies.Once in a blue moon 1 will be OK. It started out with a confusing scene and then jumped 30 years and showed a couple one night during a thunderstorm which was OK because I like storms and it set a nice mood.Then it turned into a cool road trip where they ended up at a diner encountering bizarre people.The rest got weird and then got confusing.I did watch it til the end but was even more confused when it ended so badly.I had higher hopes for this movie but it was more like a science fiction then horror and something that should have been made for TV.),-0.08333333333333333
(10029,My children watch the show everyday that its on. Its a great program for younger children. However they need to stop showing re-runs and do some more actual shows and get rid of Rooney's and Deedee's YELLOW TEETH. Moe is the only Doodle bop with clean white pearlie teeth and the children notice these things and ask if the 2 don't ever brush their teeth? Does the show ever make its way to the United States and if so where can we find its schedule at. And one other thing if we might be able to add. Moe you need to stop hiding so much. Sometimes when you pop up out of no where you scare the younger children and whats with the pulling of the rope? What does that signify? other then getting wet all the time. They need to add newer things to their show instead of the same ole same ole. Kids loose interest that way.),-0.3333333333333333
(10077,Now first let me say I love god awful movies. Especially horror films mainly. I watched hundreds of movies on Mystery Science Theater 3000 with no pain. But this is the absolute worst film on the planet!!! I had to turn it off it was so bad. It was unfunny and just plain unwatchable. Give me 3 back to back viewings of Manos The Hands of fate or Monster A-go-go over this any day. Avoid this film like the plauge!! Now excuse me while I go gouge out my eyes to cleanse them of the filth I had to watch to get a decent judgement for this film. Only one decent gag in the part I watched was the hitmen now are an extermination pair for Hitmen Exterminators. Even that wasn't to great of a gag.),-0.1111111111111111
(10135,Plot: Ed and Alice are engaged. They live together and are living the dull life. He has slept around before meeting Alice. She has a lot less experience. She decides she needs to sleep around before marrying. He very reluctantly agrees they should both see other people for a while. <br /><br />At first he is not really into it. His wild days are behind him and he is simply content. Until one day Alice comes back and tells him she made out with some random guy; who of course starts to fall for her. <br /><br />Of course this is a BAD idea which causes extreme strain on the relationship.<br /><br />Good movie. You can see the train wreck coming but still good.<br /><br />Worth a rental.),-1.0
(10152,This movie was so dumb and slow was it ever slow. The only good part of the film was the girl in the tight shinny gold pants. There was no gore whatsover and what is a 80's horror movie without a little gore. Plus the killer wasn't at all scary nor were the murders. But if you like to watch the world's worst horror movie then this is for you. Don't waste your time like I did watching this.),-0.375
(10153,If you watched Pulp Fiction don't see this movie. This movie is NOT funny. This is the worst parody movie ever. This is a poor attempt of parody films.<br /><br />The cast is bad. The film is bad. This is one of the worst pictures ever made.<br /><br />I do not recommend Plump Fiction. I prefer the original Pulp Fiction by the great Quentin Tarantino. This is one of the worst parody films ever made.<br /><br />Plump Fiction is not a good movie. It is not funny. It is so dumb and vulgar.),-0.75
(10163,"NATIONAL LAMPOON'S CLASS REUNION was a flop when it was released. It didn't stay long in theaters in my big city. Why? Because it's BAD!!!!!<br /><br />Not bad in a good way but bad in a really painfully unfunny way. The entire cast of actors were mostly unknowns then and have remained unknowns after this turkey.<br /><br />The idea is actually great (a parody of slasher flicks) but the execution is sorely lacking in every aspect. <br /><br />Just avoid this ""comedy"". Your time is more precious than spending a nanosecond watching this embarrassing misfire."),-0.3333333333333333
(10192,Oh noes one of these attack of the Japanese ghost girl movies... i don't even remember how many i've seen. maybe it sells... but not to me. not scary at all. the japanese horror movies are have been very similar since the first one of these... also the pulling of the kid. i have seen that pulled under scene so many times in so many horror movies. cellphone scene is also nothing new... the dramaticness of the guy getting hit by a train kinda sucked... i mean it lacked all dramaticness... OK this is for kids 14-16 who listen to japanese rock and think they are so unique... we'll let me tell you. there's a million of you =D this is one of them. 3/10 i've seen worse but you won't be missing anything by NOT seeing this!),-1.8
(10214,Bad. Bad. Bad. Those three lines sum up this crappy little film that can only attract idiot children and their parents to the cinema. and its... #1 Movie in America! What is this country thinking? Mike Myers looking more like Micheal Jackson. Some Chineese lady that falls asleep within 3 minutes. A lame plot with dirty jokes. It's grotesuque and awful. When Green-Eggs and Ham comes out in 2005 I'll be so happy! (not) Eddie Murphy and Tracy Morgan will probably play two hipsters trying to find the lost Green-Eggs and Ham. They'll try to chase Sam-I-Am and that mean guy who are running away with it. (I hope they don't ruin the classic book.) Don't waste time and money by seeing this.),-0.8888888888888888
(10215,My wife and I saw this in the theater when it first came out.<br /><br />There were only 3 couples there and we all walked out about the same time.<br /><br />This is the only movie I have ever walked out on.<br /><br />It was just painful to sit through.<br /><br />The theater actually stopped us on the way out and asked if we wanted a refund.<br /><br />Never had that happen before or since Pleae do not rent this You will really regret it I am really sureprised by the vote summary Perhaps personal tast has something to do with it),-1.5
(10279,"This movie blows - let's get that straight right now. There are a few scene gems nestled inside this pile of crap but none can redeem the limp plot. Colin Farrel looks like Brad Pitt in ""12 Monkeys"" and acts in a similar manner. I normally hate Colin because he is a fairy in general but he's OK in this movie. There were two plot lines in this movie-= one about a kid who throws rocks through windshields of moving vehicles and the other about a woman with a moustache. Let's face it- this movie has no freaking idea of what it wanted to say or where it wanted to go. THe characters story lines intertwine on some levels but are in no means worthy of being included in a script. The whole thing is weak and pointless and then there is an occasional OK scene. But overall- Don't bother unless you love irish accents so much that you can watch mediocrity and it is rescued by everyone sounding like the Lucky Charms elf -an American fetish that has catapulted some truly crappy movies to success."),-0.23076923076923078
(10281,This was a silly movie with a predictable storyline and dreadful acting!! Willy Nelson was as stiff as his braids. The movie just seemed like a very long advert for the bright red lipstick that Jessica Simpson wore - especially as there were so many close-ups on her face. The premise was not amusing and as I said - soooooooo predictable. Whatever money was spent on making this movie was a shameful waste. Any allusions to other old Marilyn Monroe movies did not enhance the viewing of Blonde Ambition at all. It was also so unbelievable - Jessica Simpson being able to step into an executive secretary position at the drop of a hat - that was laughable!!!),-0.7142857142857143
(10327,This movie could very well have been a propaganda movie for the North americian falangist party - or some similar group... The strong man (Kersey) places himself above the law (but not outside the law) and liberates upstanding citizens by killing worthless trash. The only thing that made me think it wasn't made by the KKK was the fact that a jew starred as a good guy... Try watching it again while thinking of it as a propaganda movie for an extreme right wing group - and you'll see what I mean...<br /><br />It's a tragedy that Jimmy Page actually made music for this movie... :(),-0.8571428571428571
(10364,It is a shame that such a great book was turned into such a terrible movie. I could not wait to see this movie after reading the book....it really did not do it justice.),-0.6666666666666666
(10364,This movie was terrible!I rented it not knowing what to expect.I watched the 1st 5 minutes and the movie and knew it was a bomb.The acting was bad and there was no plot.The monster is soooooo fake.It growls and its mouth doesnt move.Also why would they have a doctor playing a xylophone to kill the monster.Just plain bad don't even waste your time.(1 out of 10)),-2.2
(10478,"Let me get this straight... ""The Church"" has a safety ""lock-down"" mechanism to keep the spirits from leaving but the ultimate solution is bringing it to the ground?! LOFL! Maybe I'm missing the plot. Maybe this guy is from the Ed Wood school of film-making or something. This movie is about as useless as the church itself. Hey... maybe that's the point. That whole Rosemary's Baby-esq segment was hilarity. I can go to my corner Halloween costume shop and get better drag than that. The entire film needs to be remade. Properly. There were so many things that were played down... so many things that could have made me jump out of my seat and through the ceiling. I'm not sure if the fault lies with the writing or editing but what I saw should not have this high of a rating."),-0.16666666666666666
(10555,I gave this a 1. There are so many plot twists that you can never be sure to root for. Total mayhem. Everyone gets killed or nearly so. I am tired of cross hairs and changing views. I cannot give the plot away. Convoluted and insane. If I had paid to see this I would demand my money back. I wish reviews were more honest.),-1.25
(10586,There wasn't much thought put into the story line on many fronts. This is a good action movie but that's about it.<br /><br />- The movie states that the lycans were kept to protect the vampires during the day. Yet they are kept in cages and have collars on their necks. So they can't turn into their wolf form or do anything any other slave can't do. How does this protect the vampires during the day? Who are they protecting the vampires from? The uncontrollable lycans? The slaves in human form are nothing more than peasants.<br /><br />- My understanding is that vampires are immortals and don't age. Yet Sonya ages from child to adult. Do they just stop aging at a certain age? I understand that Viktor is old because he was turned (as explained in the second movie). But vampire babies age? Strange.<br /><br />- I didn't realize that vampires needed torches to see at night. Yet we see them carrying torches throughout the movie.<br /><br />- Silver was the only thing that was supposedly able to harm lycan. Yet wooden steaks fired from the huge crossbows kill the lycan too.<br /><br />These are just some of the things that show just a lack of thought put into the story telling.),-0.3
(10615,"This movie is supposed to be a ""lighthearted"" tale about Santa Claus and his ""magical and mystical"" wonders. But instead it comes off as being downright creepy. Two things in this movie that stand out in my mind as horrifying are 1) the way Santa looks.- Have you ever seen a more horrible looking Santa Claus? and 2) the ""evil rep. of Satan"" Pitch's just plain odd dances are just sickening to watch. Only watch this movie if it happens to be the MSTed version or if you like a very good laugh. I can't believe this is a children's movie."),-0.3333333333333333
(10674,Nothing great here but a nicely acted story about an abused deaf wife (Fonda) of a small time crook (Bochner)who gets involved with one of her husband's plans and his mistress. Sutherland and Weber are cops drawn into what turns out to be a unmysterious murder investigation and the story just flows along.),-0.6666666666666666
(10710,For many years Ed Wood's Classic 'Plan 9' has been considered the worst film ever made. Forget it The Roller Blade Seven is infinitely worse. The cast is made up of famous peoples brothers and almost famous or has been actors and actresses. The plot along with the budget and script are non-existent. The running time is made up not in the classic Ed Wood style of using stock footage. Instead there is endless slow motion and repeated action. And as for The Roller Blade Seven aren't even seven of them!<br /><br />You must see this film just to know how bad film making can really be. Giving independent film makers everywhere hope.),-3.0
(10715,"OK ...I watch a lot of bad movies. I pride myself on that fact. many times there are some gems in the B rated bombs. But this movie is one of the worst I have watched. I like a good horror movie...but one with a plot of and sense of movement. The opening scenes seemed pretty good. Decent music and imagery. Then it goes down hill from there. One of the main characters has a disability (Ringing in the Ears called Tinnitus). Now this will in turn threaten to reveal his secret. They made that too much of a focus of the movie. So what he has ringing in his ears and accidentally left an ear plug somewhere where that he shouldn't have been. No need to keep bringing it up. So this guy is having an affair with this girl and in a motel she falls and hits her head on the end table. So instead of letting everyone know of his affair he decides to dump the body. Now her twin sister is trying to find out where she is and what happened to her. Well after seeing her sister over and over again (as a zombie like ghost) and even pointing directly to the location of the body she finally finds her. Now the body is recovered and she is set out to deal with the one and only suspect that killed her. Bad thing is that she didn't have much of a plan. Only to pretend to be her twin and met the guy where the body was dumped. The idiot didn't even believe he killed her. So all is revealed there and even though she had a gun....somehow she manages to get herself strangled. So the last scenes of the movie are of the ""spirits"" of her and her twin walking out of the water. So you mean to tell me in this movie the bad guy wins. And not one but two innocent people die.<br /><br />Good things about the movie: imagery <br /><br />Bad things about the movie: music sound effects long and drawn out misdirection of plot low grade acting from some not all actors"),-1.125
(10885,"<br /><br />12 Grand is the cost of a new car. A new car that Jake West now needs to escape the hordes of angry villagers desperate for his blood. Some may say this film could attract ""So bad it's good"" status. In my Opinion it is the proud owner of the ""So bad it's Bad"" label."),-0.875
(10930,This isn't a bad movie. It's fun to watch for the first time. However it has absolutely no replay value at all. When you try to watch it again it gets so boring you have to turn it off. I give this movie a 6 out of 10.),-0.75
(10984,when i saw the movie at first i thought that it was boring because nothing was happening but when all the scary things started to happen like when church dies and is brought back to life and also gage and his mom die and there idiot dad has to bring them back to life even though he nows the warnings and ignores Jud.this is not Steven kings best work. i thought that his best work was the shining. i don't think that people who see this movie and comment on how awful it was are wrong because all they think is that what were they thinking. as if that person can do a better job in making a horror flick. i mean making the gage evil and how he kills Jud is genius. making the most innocent most unsuspecting character into one of the killers is cool. people who didn't like the movie are dumb because all it is a scary movie and nothing all. don't expect something from a movie that it isn't. it still in a general area wasn't that good. i still recommend people to watch the movie),-0.9444444444444444
(10987,Bad. Bad. Bad. Those three lines sum up this crappy little film that can only attract idiot children and their parents to the cinema. and its... #1 Movie in America! What is this country thinking? Mike Myers looking more like Micheal Jackson. Some Chineese lady that falls asleep within 3 minutes. A lame plot with dirty jokes. It's grotesuque and awful. When Green-Eggs and Ham comes out in 2005 I'll be so happy! (not) Eddie Murphy and Tracy Morgan will probably play two hipsters trying to find the lost Green-Eggs and Ham. They'll try to chase Sam-I-Am and that mean guy who are running away with it. (I hope they don't ruin the classic book.) Don't waste time and money by seeing this.),-0.8888888888888888
(11042,This move is terrible. They took Gods word and made a mockery of it. The acting was terrible too. Why bother doing a story on something from the bible when your not even going to tell it correctly. There were not just a few changes but the whole thing was wrong. Do not see this movie.),-2.5
(11042,one of the worst excuses for an irish accents i've heard. from a truly great actor too. its a bad irish accent not to mention a dublin accent (which is completely different) anyway the film is loosely based around the story of ganglord martin cahill and its done much much much better with brendan gleeson in the title role in THE GENERAL),-0.25
(11202,the only word i can think of to describe this movie is: Ordinary.<br /><br />The plot line about Gary sinise's character attempting suicide is a ridiculous premise and c'mon..living as some sort Salingeristic hermit or recluse in a shack driving golf balls into the ocean because he couldn't handle life in the lucrative pro/am golf community? cry me a river. I wish these were my problems. I do enjoy Dylan Baker and Sinise but this movie was clearly a bad choice or a pay check for Sinise. The scene in which little Timmy Price gets verbally abused by the other club member in front of his father during the tournament is so over the top that i am embarrassed to watch it),-0.8181818181818182
(11208,From the English accents to the so unnecessary violence after violence. Showing Moses as a murderer. People who actually believe in the Old Testament will just sit there and shake their heads. I am not a religious person at all. But even i felt as though the writers of this movie were trying to turn us all against God and the Jews.When Moses picked up that rock and threw the first stone at the woman to kill her for committing adultery. I wanted to stone the writers. I can't believe in this day and age that Hallmark and ABC (Disney) would attempt to show such garbage as this. Don't we have enough problems in this world already?),-1.75
(11229,Theres not much you can really say about this film except that it was crap and probably the worst film i have ever been to see!! Take my advice don't watch this film it just wastes your money and time!!<br /><br />I gave this film a 1/10 which is doesn't deserve.),-3.0
(11287,"Very poor script and acting. I was very surprised that the director was able to convince his cast with his empty story that tells us nothing new. All is in the cliché of the ""mentor"" and the ""talented immature pupil"". The characters aren't' even interesting nor sympathetic. Artistically it is as empty and insignificant. The colours are very impersonal and light. Only the poster may be appealing. Al Pacino tries very hard to give depth to his character with no success. Too bad because the sport betting can be a really interesting subject to which many could relate. But I can't have a complete comment on this movie any way as i got out from the theatre 20 minutes before ending. Everything was so predictable that it was a waist of time..."),-0.4444444444444444
(11324,i saw switching goals ..twice....and always the same feeling...you see the Olsen twins make same movie....they like play different sports and then fall in love to boys..OK now about the movie....first off all such little boys and girls don't play on such big goals...2.football does not play on time outs...3.if the game is at its end the referee gives some overtime (a minute or more)...and the finish is so foreseen....i think that this movie is bad because of the lack of football knowledgement....if it were done by European producers it would be better..and also the mane actors aren't the wright choice...they suffer from lack of authentic..OK they played some seasons in full house but that doesn't make them big stars....you have got to show your talent....and that is what is missing in the Olsen twins),-0.4444444444444444
(11351,If you like really shocking movies this is for you. The acting is the worst I've ever seen and the story line goes no-where. If you come across this film in your video shop don't even consider borrowing it. The chick on the front cover isn't even the one in the movie.I gave this movie 1/10 only because I couldn't vote 0. Avoid it at all costs.),-1.0
(11357,this movie was just plain dumb i do not think it was scary at all i went in hoping to be shocked and scared but was mostly laughing some of the scenes were just to fake and thrown together blood scenes were extremely over cg and some of the mutants were ridiculously gay looking it also sucked because the acting was just plain horrible u think they could get some good actors and most of the characters i hated just because how stupid and lame they acted even though they were supposed to be in the military i get to watch movies for free and seen many people walking out im guessing because it was so dumb kinda glad i didn't have to pay for it in short DUMB ASS MOVIE don't see it...but then again thats my opinion),-1.0
(11386,The script is very weak & there is no depth in the characters. The story telling is not the importing thing here. The unnecessary action & Scenes does not really help this one. One of the worst movies in Sweden´s history of films.),-1.0
(11395,"This film is probably the worst movie I have watched in a very long time. The acting is so wooden a door could have done a better job. The plot is laughable and shallow and the actual ""rugby"" shown is a far cry from reality. I still don't get the ""haka"" as portrayed in this poor excuse for entertainment. I am not a Kiwi but I do know that the Haka can only be performed by someone of Maori origin and not by an all-American white boy.<br /><br />I am assuming that this was made for the American audience so the shallowness and ""Disney end'"" is excusable but there was hardly any attempt to point out the basic rules of the game apart from the prison side where the main character suddenly takes charge of an American Football game and gets everyone playing rugby instead. The only thing good about this film were the end credits. It would be less painful to spend ninety minutes inserting toothpicks into your eyeballs."),-0.5714285714285714
(11411,"Lubitsch's last production but not his least interesting film. Somehow largely ignored by critics as he couldn't finish it himself and as the movie wasn't co-signed by Preminger who he did most of the staging... A very strange mix of musical (a remembrance of The Merry Widow ?)and classic Lubitsch touch sentimentalism (an impossible love-story like Cluny Brown)yet a very clever and intelligent one yet not to be understood as some nostalgia of some lost world but rather a testament on eternal feelings prevailing on the foolishness of mankind and especially men in times of war with a ""moral"" lesson still true today as it was in 1948. Billy wilder as an answer to Preminger who grieved at Lubitsch's funerals about having lost a great man replied that we still had his films and that sums it all up about that Lady in Ermine..."),-0.21428571428571427
(11439,This movie is not a remake of She's all That ( 1999)?<br /><br />Where is the renewal of the american movie? This was probably the worst movie I saw in the last 5 years. This and the last movies of Schwarzenegger.<br /><br />),-3.0
(11439,OK when I saw the previews for this movie I thought it looked really scary and was quite excited to see it as were the group I was with. Now living in America especially during this election I see some very deceiving things but I have to say these previews were towards the top of list. I don't see how so many people could be scared by this movie. I only really noticed two real jump scenes and only jumped at one. The whole movie was extremely predictable and perhaps that messed up some of the jump scenes for me. As for the sound effects so many to be so frightened of I thought they were comical at best. Oh and the uhh catboy where did that come from and why? The worst noise in the whole movie had to be the weird groaning. How does that scare someone? I can make that noise easily. Now don't get me wrong I have always loved all those really bad scary movies that your just laughing the whole way through but I didn't even think this one had that going for it it was just plain out bad.),-1.0666666666666667
(11456,"I think cheaters needs to be off the air and end the reality show once and for all i don't care what anyone says you can attack me or agree with me but its times like this that the show is just spewing out propaganda and the host of Cheaters Joey Greco is a little bastard who wants to think that showing people on camera is effective and unawares no it just will show disgusting he is also the wiretapping and following of people by ""cheaters spy's"" is illegal and a federal offense we are living in a police state like the Soviet union and Nazi Germany rolled into one i am happy that there is poor reviews on this trash this needs to end soon or we are going to lose our liberties as a nation no wonder our country is going to hell its because of this and other filth shows i liked the older shows better from the 1950s-1980s i hope you all agree with me on that thank you infowarrior"),-0.3181818181818182
(11495,If anyone tells you this picture is just terrific they probably have something to do with either making it or profiting from it. This film is a real loser and it copies situations from big budget horror movies and not to mention soundtracks to. I wouldn't recommend this one to my worst enemy. It is a low budget movie with amateur actors. It looks like it was filmed for a film contest. The acting is terrible and it wouldn't surprise me if the script was written by a Hee Haw script writer. My family laughed at it. A Grade ZZZZZZZZZZZZZ all the way. You won't be scared by this one. Here is one little taste of the terrible elements of this film. When the guy gets his toe stomped by Ric White's stupid portrayal of the Reverend James Johnston walking cane. The guys reactions are like if he had an amputation with no pain killer. Watch the DVD extras after you watch the movie. When you see Ric White and others talk so seriously about the movie you will laugh till your stomach hurts. How people will stretch the truth and what they will do to earn a dishonest buck. Don't get fooled like we did and buy this failure.),-0.35294117647058826
(11519,I have no idea why everyone hates this movie to call it garbage a travesty an unexceptable sequel is just unfair i mean what else could they have made for a sequel then. Cause seriously I think it should have had a sequel (Rodney Dangerfield) says: hey everyone were all going to get laid and then a little dancing goffer and thats it thats the end of Caddyshack even though the film rating on first one was (R) and the second one was (PG) it was still lots of fun .<br /><br />(7/10)),-0.8
(11529,Ok with this film there are a number of ingredients at work:<br /><br />First put in loads of hillbilly truckers--good ole boys who have secret desire to take law into own hands. Second put in evil hillbilly cops controlled by a Texas bred outlaw. Third put in karate fighting trucker played by Chuck Norris. Fourth put in a chump teenager as Norris's nephew captured by evil hillbilly cops. Fifth show Chuck Norris fighting in slow motion.<br /><br />Now mix all together and what have you got?<br /><br />You guessed it...one very mediocre movie!),-1.6666666666666667
(11583,"From reading the back of the box my first thought was that this is probably a knock off of Saw 2. I couldn't be further from the truth. It seemed to me like they gave somebody with downsyndrom a camera phone and $10.00 and told them to make a movie. The plot didn't exist and neither did the acting. It was almost as if I was watching a silent film about grass growing. It didn't surprise me at all to find out later that the entire film was ""improvised"". By the end of this ""film"" I had lost the will to live and I may have gotten AIDS just from viewing this piece of cinematic crap. It was about 70 minutes that I could have spent doing something that was less painful. Like jumping off of a building."),-0.5
(11644,I am a big fan of British films in general but especially gangster movies. Unfortunately this film was shockingly bad. I think its pretty depressing that this film is getting any good customer reviews. The idea that this film is gritty and realistic is laughable. I have read and heard fist hand quite a lot about the real life events shown in this movie and they have nearly all been glorified with over the top violence etc. The only gritty true to life event in the whole film was the Range Rover murders where some overblown bouncers got rubbed out for messing with people they could not handle. This film is a disgrace to British cinema! It has no plot and no decent acting and just relies on being violent( gritty and realistic as some people like to put it) The sort of people who made this film should not be allowed near a budget or film camera just as the sort of people this film is about should not be given the opportunity to tell this pathetic violent little tale of no consequence.),-0.2222222222222222
(11658,I watched all three mad max films in succession for the first time a few days ago and was left bitterly disappointed with the third instalment. it destroys the fine work of the first two films with weak and cheesy action and a story line that turns the apocalyptic Australian wastelands into a comical sand pit one would expect to see in a children's adventure movie. the character of max is unrecognisable from his dark and cynical persona seen in the previous films and changed into a predictable uninteresting saviour that left me feeling betrayed. if you haven't seen this film yet then simply don't. Let the story end with the road warrior and save yourself a very painful hour and a half. (spoiler alert) the other major issue i had with this film that truly left a bitter taste in my mouth was the flying man. we had already seen him in the road warrior where he had helped max and yet when he reappears in thunderdome it looks like the two had never met. whether he was supposed to be a different character or a relative of the road warriors gyro man i do not know. however it was not explained and is a weak element in this overall weak film. 2 out of 10. doesn't get a 1/10 because of the thunderdome fight.),-0.875
(11661,Sudden Impact is a two pronged story. Harry is targeted by the mob who want to kill him and Harry is very glad to return the favour and show them how it's done. This little war puts Harry on suspension which he doesn't care about but he goes away on a little vacation. Now the second part of the story. Someone is killing some punks and Harry gets dragged into this situation where he meets Jennifer spencer a woman with a secret that the little tourist town wants to keep quiet. The police Chief is not a subtle man and he warns Harry to not get involved or cause any trouble. This is Harry Callahan Trouble follows him. The mob tracks him to this town and hell opens up as Harry goes to war. Meanwhile the vigilante strikes again and the gang having figured it out is ready for her. Jennifer Spencer is caught and Harry comes to her rescue during the film's climax. Sudden Impact is not the greatest Dirty Harry but at the time it gives us a Harry that is very much an anti hero ready to go to war just to pursue Justice. Again not the best not the worst but the one with the most remembered line. Go Ahead Make your day.),-0.35294117647058826
(11676,The Fiendish Plot of Dr. Fu Manchu (1980). This is hands down the worst film I've ever seen. What a sad way for a great comedian to go out.),-0.6666666666666666
(11678,Absolutely horrific film. Ameteurish and it isn't funny at all. Lead character played by Mehmet Ali Erbil is very annoying. Edits by E.T and star wars is just plain stupid.<br /><br />Actor Yilmaz Goksal is the only good think about this movie. He should master his English and move to Hollywood. Hollywood can not find an actor with his qualities. Other than Goksal this movie is a garbage.<br /><br />Director Gani Mujde is a comic writer and this movie is his worst written work to this date.<br /><br />Music of Cem Karaca is another plus of this waste of money. Actor Sumer Tilmac also have some presence. Actor who plays the three sons has no talent what so ever.),-0.16666666666666666
(11775,Who actually created this piece of crap this is the worst movie i have ever seen in my life it is such a waste of time and money. I hate it how they create low budget sequels featuring D-Lister actors and a storyline so similar to the 1st one.<br /><br />I found this movie in the bargain bin sitting right next to Wild Things 2 and Death To The Supermodels for $2.99 what a fool i was to actually think that this could be good instead i watched in disgust as poor acting stereotypes ripped of the storyline and script from the 1st one.<br /><br />Whoever thought that this straight-to-video production was actually even a half decent film you must be on crackd or something because I think what pretty much most of the people who've seen this film thinks WHAT A LOAD OF CRAP!!!!),-1.1
(11831,In Micro Phonies the stooges are at there best. In this short the trio are handymen working in a recording studio. They end up getting a look at Alice Van Doren (Christine Mcintyre)singing the voice of spring. The voice is amazing. Curly in drags is heard by Mrs. Bixby (Symona Boniface). Moe calls Curly Senior Cucaracha. The three stooges end up going to party where Curly is going to dress up in drags. They play a record of the voices of spring and all is going well until Moe destroy the record on Curly's head. They end up using the lucia sexlet until the baritone recognizes them and unplugs it. Alice Van Doren catches on to the boy scream and hides behind a curtain to help them out. All is well until the baritone wonders how Curly is singing without the aid of a phonograph discovers Alice behind the curtain. The three stooges are revealed to be frauds but Alice's father discovers his daughter's talent and agrees that she should become a singer. The stooge are pelted out of the room. Excellent.),-1.1428571428571428
(11873,They missed up the film when the tried to use some one diffrent. They should of keeped Ralph Macchio as Danny instead of changing it. And made more Karate Kids with him in it.And also many people were woundering what happen to Danny when they jumped from 3 to 5 and no four.),-1.5
(11887,Nelson is a medical professor who wants his four students to put him to death and then bring him back to life so that he can prove that there is an afterlife. So they do and soon enough all of the medical students want to know if there is life after death. The afterlife isn't about pearly gates and lights at the end of the tunnel but something more sinister.<br /><br />Past ghosts come back to haunt them and surely this movie will haunt anyone. It has some pretty scary moments that could translate into real life and it makes people wonder somewhat about what happens when you die. It's a good movie to see when it's raining and you're feeling down. It's also a little weird.<br /><br />See it with a haunted past.),-0.2222222222222222
(11904,I can't seem to find anything that is good about this miniseries. Why the hell would you ban chocolate when u could ban something far more practical like smoking or alcohol? Also the fact that its an Australian program and its all set in england and everyone is faking british accents is stupid. Overall i think that this show is Unrealistic and cheap.),-1.0
(11969,I expect the same excitement as I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE but I was let down by just junk how can you even call this a movie ( its kinda of a mini porno) . It made my sick when the guy was made to eat his own business. There is no story line to it at all it jumps to quickly from each murder. If you like seeing a women naked or even mens parts then there's spots in the movie for and there's even a masturbation spot in the movie which makes it a porno and not a movie at all. I have seen some dumb movies in my time but this is number 1 . I want be watching it again at all. The actors even look bored during the movie to me so they probably were in need of money badly to make this movie.),-0.625
(12093,This movie is retarded a cheap movie that tries to be a stoner movie because the characters are looking for pot but none of them are smokers just a bunch of garbage Thomas Hayden church should not direct anymore especially this movie which is a waste of film. People who liked this movie gave good comments but from all the people on here some are just retarded and don't watch movies so they think that any bad movie is good the actors suck and the movie sucks balls.<br /><br />I think that many people are going to be upset because this movie tries to make itself look like the ultimate weed movie when it is just the worst movie about weed that I have ever seen I hope that people will stop the director from directing crap like this even weed cannot make this movie funny or entertaining .),-0.16666666666666666
(12103,I saw this movie with very low expectations. I didn't know a lot about it so I wasn't sure if it was going to be worth it.<br /><br />The story did an OK job of getting you curious about these ruins they travel to. The suspense continues when the Mayans show up and force them to stay at the ruins.<br /><br />Then the movie turns from somewhat suspenseful to pointless. The amount of gore found in this movie did not balance out compared to whether it was truly necessary or used more for shock value.<br /><br />The fact that they didn't make any attempt to fight the vines from hell. They had fire and didn't try to burn it nor did they try to cut it with a knife to see if they could destroy it or not. They quickly jumped into a victim role and their helpless attitude was not real. It reminded me of the old horror movies where the people just scream and yell and don't have half a brain to try to fight back.),-1.3333333333333333
(12158,Cheesy 80's horror co-starring genre favs Ken Foree and Rosalind Cash along with Brenda Bakke are some of the featured players in this tale about a haunted health club. Goofy dialogue and some nasty gore effects make this movie watchable. Not bad but no great shakes either.<br /><br />Recommended for the bad dialogue and acting. B-movie fans only.<br /><br />B),-1.5
(12220,This was one of the worst movies that I have ever watched. The story was about a woman prisoner sent into space to try and save mankind but what it actually turned out to be was that the prisoner was actually put on board a space ship with a nymphomaniac lesbian commander. All the story was about was having sex over and over again. There was no need for all of this footage - only to create a soft porn film. Of course we had to see the heroin of the movie having sex for about 2 minutes. I don't know what all this had to do with the actual plot of the movie -except I assume to get men to watch it. I gave it 1 out of 10 only because there was no other rating lower. Don't waste your money or time- it has nothing to do with science fiction but rather a movie for young adolescent boys to watch to see t&a. The creature was shown only more than half way through the movie and looked like the alien in the movie with Signorney Weaver. Poor excuse for entertainment.),-0.7777777777777778
(12429,Dooohhh! My Bwainn Hurrrts! Well it certainly does after this endurance test of a film. How on earth I managed to keep going without hitting the fast forward button lord only knows. <br /><br />Maybe it's me!!Maybe I don't get the premise of the film... or maybe I don't appreciate it's alleged mystical atmosphere. In my humble opinion though the film has about as much mystical atmosphere as a trip to McDonalds.<br /><br />In addition the characters were all dreadful and there is more character development in a Tom & Jerry cartoon. Yaarrrghhh! Why do I do it? why do I watch such tripe? It's enough to make one run away and join a monastery or the Foreign Legion!! YAARGH!! An absolutley dreadful film in just about every respect. Apart from that it's not to bad.),-0.75
(12573,This is another gem of a stand up show from Eddie Izzard . You cannot fail to laugh at the wide range of topics he talks about. He even takes the piss out of his American audiance at times and most of them didnt even realise it! A must see for anybody who likes comedians. 9 out of 10.),-0.75
(12657,"When this showed at the Seattle Int'l Film Fest I was the only person standing and clapping and cheering. The rest of the crowd booed or was silent. It is a well played small film that reaches deep into the reality of a young gay man's humanity. It is about a real man; and does not play to the insipid hyper-buffed muscular ""gay paositive"" that passes for the genre of non-porn Gay cinema (and that is why so much of contemporary Gay genre movies are so dull). This movie is Intense Passsion and Great Tragedy. The acting and directing and cinematography is fantastic; it all keeps the film clastrophobic and tense and passionate. Don't miss this if you can find it."),-1.4
(13154,"I saw this movie on mystery science theater when it was called ""It lives by night"". That title is much less misleading than ""Batpeople"". In fact it would more accurately be called Batperson. This movie is about a doctor who studies bats I am thinking because he wants to make a better cure for rabies. This is not really clear. What is clear is that he and his wife take a tour of a cave and he gets bitten by a bat. Why a scientist needs to take a tour to study bats is beyond me. Shouldn't he be able to go in by himself. Well after being bitten he and his wife go on their honeymoon where he starts having fits. They go to the worst doctor ever. The guy stays in the hospital and kills a nurse. In the end the guy kills 3-4 people and his wife stands by him and you are supposed to be rooting for him instead of the sheriff investigating the murders."),-1.5
(13201,"... And it's a not very good documentary either American MOVIE seems to have confused some people into thinking this is a spoof documentary ( "" Mockumentary ) and even some newspaper TV listings described it as such . I'll not laugh out loud at that because it's easy to mistake this documentary as one big wind up ala THIS IS SPINAL TAP <br /><br />What seems to have caused the confusion is that the documentary centres around budding film maker Mark Borchardt who is .... How can I put it ? Rather self deluded ? Yes but that's not necessarily a bad thing since if we had no dreams we'd all still be living in caves and the fact that Mark is obsessed with horror movies is not to be taken as a criticism since both Sam Raimi ( Yes that one ) and Peter Jackson ( yes that one ) both started out doing low budget horror comedies so again it's not a criticism . No it's just that Mark Borchardt ( yes that one ) is a parody of American trailer trash <br /><br />Remember in THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT MARY Ben Stiller gives a lift to a dodgy hitch hiker ( "" Come into my office because you're f***in' fired "" ) ? Well that's who Mark resembles along with most of Jerry Springer's guests so it's very easy to see why some people thought this wasn't a real documentary . It's also not a very good documentary since Mark and co give me the creeps . Did you know that someone thought Mark would grow up to be a serial killer ? Does anyone else think there's plenty of time left for this to happen ?"),-0.05555555555555555
(13335,This movie is soo bad that I've wasted way to much time already talking about it. Soo bad...really... ...BAD... and I'm not even that critical... ..I'm almost ashamed to admit to having seen it... Sandra's few minutes show you how far she's really made it... I mean really anything next to this is really Oscar worthy for her... I suppose the only way for her to look at it is there's no way but up after this one...I suppose she had to start somewhere... but really...soo bad... ...awful really... bad is too good a word for this s**t ....but I don't want to get mean now... but really how can u not after wasting 90 minutes... 90 minutes of my life that I'll never get back... 90 minutes I could have spent doing something better...like sitting on my butt and staring into space..that would have been time better spent... (walks away shaking head)),-0.5454545454545454
(13363,"This piece ain't really worth a comment.. It's simply the worst ""horror"" movie i have ever seen. The actors are bad as bad can be and the whole plot is so silly it nearly made me cry. Shame on you I say!!"),-1.6
(13496,Evil warlord puts a town through pain and suffering. Not long before they call upon giant stone samurai Daimaijin for help. Daimaijin soon comes and really gets the warlord with all his viscious might. The revenge climax is really funny as Daimajin squashes guys under his feet and crushes guys with his fist and even drives a spike though a man's heart.),-0.25
(13551,I've watched the first 15 minutes and I can tell that there was no consultation with any military type personnel. Judith Light's charactor (an officer) has her hair down past her shoulders! One of the first officers that greets her as she walks in to the medical facility she works at is so overweight that his pant pockets gap! No - there was no military advising them on this movie. Even an ex-military enlisted could have assisted here.),-0.5
(13673,LAGE RAHO MUNNABHAI is really a disappointing movie . I have seen the first part of MUNNABHAI and it was really good but this one really make u bore n disappoint u.......................................<br /><br />This movie really waste yours time and money . I went with my friend to this movie on the first day of its release and v both get bore in cinema-hall......................................................<br /><br />Role of CIRCUIT was very small n useless n this movie . I think SANJAY-DUTT cut down the role of ARSHAD VARSHI........................<br /><br />Character of the movie is also not well define like the previous one .this movie show u the result of OVER-CONFIDENCE .........<br /><br />The ideas of MAHATMA is also not define and confusing..................<br /><br />A REALLY VERY BIG DISAPPOINTMENT),-0.7777777777777778
(13768,I can only think of one reason this movie was released. To capitalize off the upcoming fame of Guy Pearce. This movie has no merit at all and needlessly trashes Errol Flynn's memory. The homosexual encounter was pure speculation. The disdain shown for Flynn in this movie is palpable. An easy way to slander an actor who died years ago. Horrible and embarrassing. Very disappointing. Don't waste your time on this utter trash. Watch My Wicked wicked ways if you want to learn about this fine actor or read his autobiography. This movie is NOT the way.),-0.4444444444444444
(13853,"i watch this film with horror in my heart because my mother also was a crack head like Michelle. i've been wondering where Michelle is now. there has been times where i had to find my mother in places i was scared to be but more scared to leave her there! to see Michelle act like that made me wonder where she was sleeping all that time?? i watched in hopes the it was never that bad for my mom! and what i want to know is... where did Matt and Tracy ""tear that ass up""?! worst scene for me was watching Tracy shoot up in an old navy dressing room!!!! u never who try clothes on before you and it looks like all of them except Michelle has aids!!!! where are they know 2008? can we get an update??????????"),-0.5833333333333334
(13909,The only good part of this movie was the ending. You know the part of the movie where the lights come on and you leave to go home. No no that may be a little harsh - the dancing in the film was sensational but unfortunately that is where the plot ended. As long as the cast was dancing and not talking the movie went along well. As for Chayanne's debut - not too bad but hopefully his next film will have a little more depth. As for going to see the movie wait for the rental or TV. Do not make the same mistake I did and pay 8.50),-0.625
(13973,I saw this movie considering this as a normal Hollywood movie but then came to know that its a Movie made for TV channel.On my DVD cover out of 2 critics comments one of the critic stephen farber from moviline reveiwed it as A best movie of the Year..<br /><br />All the character were simple and decent performances except the Brain's character which never gets scope which director wanted to keeps mystery till end.. there was suspense till end but when you see the end that lady Police Officer and main culprit had a Lesbian affair seems to be totally stupid idea.God knows what happens to DAVE the male lead character..<br /><br />The other Critic from Mr. Brown's Movies said that Shocking and Effective but doesn't quite live up to all the Hype... which i saw after watching the Movie .for which i was partially aggree...i should have read this first before taking the movie..),-0.75
(14022,what can i say about this film that hasnt already been said? well to tell the truth alot of it looks very fake like some of the slaps and the kicks. how charlie sheen though this was real i dont know. im sure they would be hitting and kicking her alot harder if it was. however the scenes with the pinching and the hot oil look very real. and the final needle in the eye scene is amazingly done and is probibly the only thing on film that has ever shocked me.),-1.0
(14112,This movie was obscenely obvious and predictable. The scenes were poorly written and acted even worse. Following the horrible scenes was the terrible script filled with pointless and poorly thought out lines. I would never suggest this movie to anyone who would have any sense in watching decent movies. This movie was not only with the same ideas as the show the Bachelor and Bachelorette but also contained many parts in which you would know what the next move and line was going to be without ever having to watched the movie before. The casting was fine but the actors played there characters horribly with more drama then should have been used and said lines in was that wanted you to change the channel quickly. As a note please don't watch this movie.),-0.75
(14137,Born Bad is a well put together crime drama about a group of teenage kids. Teens as well as young adults would find this movie well acted and entertaining. The movie is similar to The Black Circle Boys in the sense that a bunch of teenage boys go around their town making up their own rules and not caring about the consequences.),-3.0
(14156,Probably the worst Dolph film ever. There's nothing you'd want or expect here. Don't waste your time. Dolph plays a miserable cop with no interests in life. His brother gets killed and Dolph tries to figure things out. The character is just plain stupid and stumbles around aimlessly. Pointless.),-1.375
(14202,Its unfortunate that someone decided to spin off on the best horror movies of all time in my book. This poor copy steals lots of material from the first three films going as far as even copying how persons die and what will happen in the future to the key characters and it basically tries to cram in three films into one and fails. It fails even to create a good scary atmosphere for one (except with the odd exception where the impressive choral music brings back memories of the old films).<br /><br />The only thing we can be thankful for is that there has not been an Omen V.),-0.2
(14292,Imagine the most cliche ridden b-movie horror plot you can. Add more plot holes than plot. Have it scripted by a 10 year old. Have the acting done by A-Level drama students faking really bad US accents (in the Isle of Man!) Add monster special effects that the lovers of B&W Dr Who shows will appreciate. Result: duff film. Throw in Samantha Janus taking her clothes off (make a point of this on the cover) and you'll probably sell enough copies to make a profit anyway!),-3.0
(14292,i completely agree with jamrom4.. this was the single most horrible movie i have ever seen.. holy crap it was terrible.. i was warned not to see it..and foolishly i watched it anyway.. about 10 minutes into the painful experience i completely gave up on watching the atrocity..but sat through until the end..just to see if i could.. well i did and now i wish i had not..it was disgusting..nothing happened and the ending was all preachy..no movie that bad has the right to survive..i implore all of you to spare yourself the terror of fatty drives the bus..if only i had heeded the same warning..please save yourself from this movie..i have a feeling those who rated it highly were involved in the making of the movie..and should all be wiped off the face of the planet..),-1.0
(14293,this is by far one of the most pretentious films i have ever seen. it is a tight slap on the face of some Indians who speak in English and were looking at the mirror. disgusting. the bubble gum version of the 1970s politics of the north Indian plains. the message - the educated English-speaking Indian tried to save the poor beggars of India in all earnestness. it ignores the fact that the poor beggars are also capable of and are saving themselves on their own.<br /><br />as a love story its okay. the problem is that the love story and character development is based upon a completely fraudulent version of politics.),-0.2222222222222222
(14351,Blank check is one of those kids movies that could have been a great suspense thriller for the kids but instead it's a tired lame home alone ripoff that isn't worth a dime. Quigley is a criminal who just escaped from jail and gets his hidden million dollars from a big score and then we meet Preston a frustrated kid whose room is taken over by his brothers to start a business and obviously dad treats his brothers better because they make money the same day he goes to a kid's birthday party and since his dad is a cheapo he goes on little kids rides while the other kids go on roller coasters then he receives a birthday card and a check of 11 bucks how cheap is this family? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets the gorgeous Shea Stanley were her parents mets fans? he finds out he needs 200 to open a account meanwhile quigley gives his million to his banker friend and finds out the bills are marked so he will send a lackey named juice to get the unmarked ones when Preston leaves his bike gets run over by quigley he's about to write a check when he spots the cops and bolts back home his parents scolded him about his busted up bike and gets grounded what? their kid got almost run over and they worried about a bike? So Preston forges a million dollar check via his computer and comes back only to be escorted to the banker thinking that he's juice he gives Preston the money but the real juice came and realized they been duped by a kid! So Preston buys a mansion under the name Macintosh gets a limo driver who says unfunny jokes and goes on a epic shopping spree then he spots Shea and talks about opening his account kid you're loaded and you're talking about opening an account? We soon realized Shea is actually an FBI agent tracking down quigley and his two other accomplice's then he told his cheapy dad he's got a job working for Mr Macintosh and spends the day riding go karts playng vr games and hanging out with his limo driver buddy then he goes out on a date with Shea in a fancy restaurant what a 10 year old wining and dining a 20 something FBI agent? Afterwards he takes her to a street geyser and playing around in the water messing up Shea's 300 dollar dress yet she takes it well if this was a bit realistic she would slap him for messing up her expensive dress so quigley and the others still mad interrogates a little kid and quickly spills the beans and Preston is being chased by quigley in a scene taken from the original script and afterwords he is hosting Mr Macintoshs birthday which is really his birthday when he discovers he couldn't pay for the party he sits in his chair and dad talks to MacIntosh which he doesn't know it's his son he's talking to and talks about Preston should be a real kid and has his whole childhood ahead of him and wants Preston to go home early what? an hour ago you were grilling him about his finances! so Preston asks everyone to leave and sits alone pondering when quigley and the others break in to the house to make Preston pay and so he faces then in a finale that rips off home alone quigley gets spun around in a ball while Preston is driving a go kart juice gets hit in the groin and more antics ensue until the trio get Preston cornered and when it seem all hope is lost Shea and a bunch of SWAT guys come to save the day and so quigley and his crew get sent to jail but is there any hope for Preston and Shea? there is and she kisses him in the lips what? what? what? A grown woman kissed a kid in the lips. come on is she mentally disabled? I mean an FBI agent who knows the country's laws would risk her career to kiss a kid? she could get arrested on the spot! and the most creepiest part of all is that isn't goodbye and she'll see him in 6 or 7 years! oh dear and so he comes home to his family celebrating his birthday so the moral of the story is love and respect can be bought? What are they smoking? The bottom line is that is a waste of time the morals are whacked it's flat as a tortilla the kid is annoying the villains are lame the comic relief isn't funny the brothers are unlikable the dad is even worse the romantic subplot is creepy the plot's shallow and the only saving grace is the cinematography from bill pope which went on to shoot the matrix trilogy and two of the spider-man films so people don't waste your money and go watch home alone instead. <br /><br />This has been a Samuel Franco review.),-0.4473684210526316
(14353,IT was no sense and it was so awful... i think Hollywood have a lot of film like that... you don't have do watch it. people cutter or eater what should i say... it made me sick! oh my god! film is about people that we don't know but feed themselves with Humans! they have teeths bla bla bla... isn't that familiar? i can bet on it you saw it in a another movie. the cast was so great but i think scenario was really awful. and i should say that Bradley Cooper was totally awesome... he's so talented... actually i said awful but i think it because of horrible scenes... let me explain it. did you ever eat tongue? but in the film one person did it! it was really awful... anyway i think film would so good without that awful human eater or cutter scenes...),-0.2857142857142857
(14396,"OK...time for a bit of a rant I think. It's been 2 flamin' years since I submitted my original comments praising this top-rated footy comedy.....and the damn thing still hasn't made it to video or DVD (or for that matter even been repeated on the telly !!) !!!!!<br /><br />Does anyone out there know why not ? Has there been a BBC-style error whereby the original copy has been deleted/mislaid/wiped ??<br /><br />Listen up you lot in charge of ITV - whack this on to DVD now !!! Do you even realise how funny this programme was ? It makes ""Mike Bassett"" look as bad as the current pants Spurs team.<br /><br />Rant over. For the moment."),-0.5714285714285714
(14396,I saw MESSIAH 2 a few months ago and didn`t get to see the original teleplay untill a few days ago and this is far superior to the sequel . Okay it`s not a million miles away from the plot of SEVEN but it`s still compelling . Much of my praise has to do with Ken Stott`s performance as DCI Red Metcalfe a policeman who seems to have led a very unlucky life and someone who has a terrible secret . It`d be easy for Stott to go over the top but he plays the role in a fairly subtle way . Likewise the murders are very shocking but - unlike the sequel where the murders are carried out onscreen in a rather OTT manner - there`s actually little violence shown .<br /><br />My only criticisms are that the red herring was too obviously a red herring which meant I wasn`t taken in by the shock twist ( And you would probably see the shock twist coming so I won`t bother with a spoiler alert ) and that when the real murderer was revealed it seemed both slightly far fetched and caused a few plot holes to appear in the story . If I remember correctly the sequel had similar problems once the murderer was revealed so maybe it`d be a good idea not to make MESSIAH 3),-0.8235294117647058
(14438,This sequel is quite awful to be honest. I'm a fan of kung-fu movies and this is by far the worst I've seen. Bride with White Hair 1 was actually quite good and this is a huge disappointment. BWWH 1 was brilliant in some ways with an unique odd-ball evil bad guy.<br /><br />The couple from the first movie played a small role in this movie. Instead the movie revolves around a bunch of uninteresting characters trying to seek revenge on their fallen clans. But there's no antagonist in this movie so the revenge is mute.<br /><br />The worst part to this movie is the kung-fu or lack there of. They literally had a street style knife fight. The character at the end refused to fight because there was lack of choreography.),-1.0588235294117647
(14536,I think this movie had really bad production value. The lack of acting makes me think they should mark it as an early docudrama. It may have had no money available for its making. I feel bad that it was a ruff ride into the Major League for Jackie Robinson.<br /><br />I believe he was much better than many of the white players of his day. He had to be really great to break the color barrier of the time. No getting around that this was a really bad movie.<br /><br />Wish there was more info about its makers. They may have been limited by the quality of actors that were willing to take on the project. Maybe no money to get good people.),-0.7272727272727273
(14577,Wow! i think they made this movie to torture people. there are no words for how much i hated this film. I could have been cleaning my room instead. i love bad melodrama as much as the next person but....come on!),-1.6
(15037,This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen! I saw it at the Toronto film festival and totally regret wasting my time. Completely unwatchable with no redeeming qualities whatsoever.<br /><br />Steer clear.),-2.0
(15092,I have to say I quite enjoyed Soldier. Russell was very good as this trained psychopath rediscovering his humanity. Very watchable and nowhere near as bad as I'd been led to believe. Yes it has problems but provides its share of entertainment.),-0.25
(15239,It's not just the plot alone that makes this movie an instant turn-off for bored audiences. It's the terrible direction with a horrible script and mistakes left and right that makes this too agonizing to watch. I'm sorry but I do not see the 'fun' in this. Just the thrill of pointing the many mistakes and stupid one-liners. Well I'm wondering how dumb the directors think of their producing company when this movie was first introduced. Probably as dumb as that sheriff who dove into the pickup truck full of antifreeze with a gaping bloody wound. Oops! Did I forget to mention this sheriff's not only a poor actor but also can shrug off an impalement with a load of antifreeze drenching the exposed flesh? I guess he kind of forgot when he won a not-so-thrilling victory over the snowman.),-1.6470588235294117
(15256,publicity got me to the theatre<br /><br />advice will take you away from this waist of time.<br /><br />very bad everything.<br /><br />do you really want to see a monkey talking with a technological device?<br /><br />X),-1.0
(15582,The movie is a starter to what really happened in Phenix City. I'm a grandchild of the people who really lived the story. The truth never has come out to my knowledge. I have tried to find the whole story out but the people who lived it are still scared to tell it. Phenix City is still run by crooked people. Albert Patterson was not quite the saint the story wants you to believe. The story was filmed in Phenix City. It still has some of the famous sites in it that you see in the movie. The Colonal Funeral Home still looks exactly the same. But if you are wanting the real history of Sin City you have to visit us and find people willing to tell you about Ma beachies and her kindness. She didn't get the name ma for nothing.),-2.0
(15647,This film is harmless escapist fun. Something the recent Tomb Raider film lacked. I can't wait to get the DVD. How can people give this a low score and still go and see Titanic without a guilty conscience I do not know. Anything with Karen Kopins in her underwear has got to rate an extra point or two!),-3.0
(15673,"I have seen ""Chasing the Dragon"" several times and have enjoyed it each time. The acting was superb. This movie really makes you realize how one bad choice at a weak moment can change your life."),-2.5
(16016,What was the aim here...I started to have a look at it but then I realized that it had no aim...poor acting...no action and no story..i ended up listening to it while i was surfing the web reading about David Beckham's $250 million dollar US soccer Galaxy contract. Do not rent this Don't borrow this NOT WORTH A DOWN LOAD i've seen so many films that I could sense that this was going to be crap from the get go.<br /><br />War films should be accurate and if possible have some artistic merit and actually not feel like Christian melodrama...This film pales in comparison to any that i've seen before.I must say that Iam truly disappointed at this film..),-1.0
(16148,"Jamie Foxx is fun but this movie has been done before. The bad guy plays a ""malkovichian"" character from ""In the Line of Fire"". The cops will do anything to find the bad guy - and of course the good guy has two sets of bad guys and one set of cops after him - all the while he is just trying to turn over a new leaf..."),-0.4
(16161,Without a shadow of a doubt this is and probably will always be the worst film i have ever had the missfortune to see my whole life. Take 5 wooden actors who got thrown out of acting school because they were so wooden someone sat on them thinking they were a bench.<br /><br />Then add a cheap camcorder. You know the old VHS types that cost £20 on ebay. Add a terrible story line with no effects and yes you have this film. What a shocker it was. They couldn't even save it by having a fit girl in it. She was fat and ugly and was the worst of all. I actually watched it all as i could not believe this crap ever got funded.<br /><br />MISS AT ALL COSTS),-1.3
(16340,This insipid mini operetta featuring a Eddy-McDonald prototype in a Valentino scenario is so bad it becomes an endurance exercise after five minutes. It's silly from the get go as this brevity opens two military men discussing the lack of manliness in the son of one of the officers. In under a minute he is packed off to Morrocco where he lives a double life as the Red Shadow; the leader of an Arab tribe that would rather sing than fight.<br /><br />Alexander Gray and Bernice Clare possess fine light opera voices (with little acting ability) and there's a decent bass in there as well but the acting is so haphazard scenes so ill prepared you get the feeling they are making things up as they go along.<br /><br />This two reeler was part of a larger stage production that lists six writers. With more room to spoof and warble the show may have had some entertainment values but this rushed quickie is little more than an insult to an audience waiting for the feature presentation.),-0.6
(16564,Gadar is a really dumb movie because it tells a fake story.It's too unrealistic and is a typical sunny deol movie that is aimed to bash Pakistan.The movie's aim is to misguide the viewers so they can think that Pakistan and it's government is bad but trying to hide their own flaws won't work.And all the songs and music of the movie are all bad.Most likely the Sikhs will love th movie cause they are being misguided.The movie sucks and sucks with power. I think only Amisha Patel was good in the movie. If i can give 0 out of 10 I would but the lowest is 1.Please save 3 hours of your life and do not watch this stupid boring movie .Disaster.),-1.1666666666666667
(16642,We also found this movie on the discount rack and made the mistake of purchasing it because Sandra Bullock was featured on the cover. The cinematography was terrible and the back of the DVD box told more about the plot than the movie itself. Oh and I love the Uzi cam....NOT.<br /><br />),-0.6666666666666666
(16653,First I must say that I enjoyed the first Underworld movie. I was intrigued and curious to learn about Vampires and Lycans and so forth. In this last part (hopefully) of the series I just feel sorry for how pathetic the vampires are. At least in the first part you had the tight leather clothes... now vampires seem like besieged victims of bad pest control problem. They look and act like haughty white pasty humans. <br /><br />Some ideas were neat... the whole thing with human nobles was interesting. Pity the acting was abysmal. The slave thingy too was feasible.<br /><br />Other things just hit me as pathetic. Spoilers now. Castle walls that can be jumped over in a few steps ? Enemies that don't attack during the day ? Big bad ancient vampires that take ages to join combat and then run away from a fledgling lycan leader after a minute or so ? Werewolves that den close to their enemies ? Lycans that raid armouries... for what ? They don't use axes and swords or armor ! A vampire leader so inept he manages to have just about everyone against him ? The romance is so unconvincing its sad.<br /><br />So I don't recommend this film unless you get it online or buy a very cheap movie ticket. Some of the action is good to OK. Certainly the vampires armor and weapons are interesting. Otherwise a very weak script that was badly put together and uses all sorts of inane plot twists.),-0.3333333333333333
(16727,"the scarlet coat is about bendict arnold betraying his country but he really isn't in the movie too much the main focus is on major Boulton (cornell wilde) and major Andre (micheal wilding)Wilding steals the movie as a officer and a gentlemen also as a freind to Boulton. As Boulton tries to uncover who is gustavus the man leaking secerts to the british.Wilde has to deal with the british the suspisous Dr o""dell(George Sanders)who watches his every move and love intrest Anne Francis this is a very enjoyable movie"),-0.6666666666666666
(16784,"This was an abysmal show. In short it was about this kid called Doug who guilt-tripped a lot. Seriously he could feel guilty over killing a fly then feeling guilty over feeling guilty for killing the fly and so forth. The animation was grating and unpleasant and the jokes cheap. <br /><br />It aired here in Sweden as a part of the ""Disney time"" show and i remember liking it some what but then i turned 13.<br /><br />I never got why some of the characters were green and purple too. What was up with that? <br /><br />Truly a horrible show. Appareantly it spawned a movie which i've never seen but i don't have any great expectations for that one either."),-1.1
(17187,Red Rock West is one of those rare films that keeps you guessing the entire time as to what will happen next. Nicolas Cage is mistaken for a contract killer as he enters a small town trying to find work. Dennis Hopper is the bad guy and no one plays them better. Look for a brief appearance by country singing star Dwight Yoakam. This is a serious drama most of the time but there are some lighter moments. What matters is that you will enjoy this low budget but high quality effort!),-0.6
(17187,Watched this when it was first screened and then missed it when it disappeared of British screens. It showed a different side of Old Australia that we need to see more of. Good juxtaposition of old hand and young turk. Then the realism of the hard out back was fantastic. It was sadly missed. This show was a cold look at the old way of looking at Australia. Hard living and hard working. The young idealist clashing with the old practical head. Real Politicka fighting with the young upstarts of New Labour. To add modern political vernacular.<br /><br />This show was the first of its type that I came across that did not try to do a tourist job on Australia. It was a great showing of the realistic <br /><br />come documentary realistic type of show. Some good films were out at the time doing a similar job. It would be great to see more of this type of TV come from Australia for it has been sadly missing this last twenty years. for all we have been fed is the soap pulp of varying quality.),-0.2
(17202,Something surprised me about this movie - it was actually original. It was not the same old recycled crap that comes out of Hollywood every month.<br /><br />I saw this movie on video because I did not even know about it before I saw it at my local video store. If you see this movie available - rent it - you will not regret it. The suspense builds throughout and the twist ending is excellent.<br /><br />),-2.5
(17264,The characters are unlikeable and the script is awful. It's a waste of the talents of Deneuve and Auteuil.),-1.0
(17287,"To sum this story up in a few sentences: A teenage girl (Amy) uses her hot body and ""supposed"" virginity to entice a young troubled guy (Matt) with a potential football scholarship to provide her a ""Full Ride"" out of town. Come to find out she has quite the reputation & has slept with many football players in the past hoping they would offer her the same deal. Both of these kids have come from troubled & dysfunctional homes. Matt's mothers a alcoholic who repeatedly embarrasses him in front of his friends & Amy's mother had a bad reputation herself & got pregnant with Amy at a a young age. Matt falls in love with Amy & tries to straighten out his life for her. Very predictable ending. The actress that plays ""Amy"" is actually 33 years old trying to play a teenager!"),-0.6666666666666666
(17332,I had to see this on the British Airways plane. It was terribly bad acting and a dumb story. Not even a kid would enjoy this. Something to switch off if possible.),-1.75
(17707,Eddie Murphy Delirious is undoubtedly the funniest thing I have ever seen in my life. When I saw it for the first time about 2 years ago I was in stitches for weeks after it. To date I have seen it a further 17 times and i still laugh my ass off each time. For those who dont know Eddie Murphy was a brilliant stand up comedian before he was a Hollywood superstar. There is not one dull spot in this piece of genius unlike Eddie Murphy Raw which was released in 1987 which goes flat during the middle. If you are not the sort of person who can't stand swearing then I wouldn't advise you to see it as you will probably hear swearing of some form every 5-10 seconds. I gave this a 10 out of 10 because it displays the greatest comic genius of them all at his best.),-0.2857142857142857
(17820,I remember when this came out it was the first kung fu film ever seen around our way and we were all excited about seeing it for sure .Although the action was mediocre at best it gave us our first taste of kung fu and our first taste of bad dubbing as well as bad film making or more precisely the way Chinese people were making films at the time . They were admittedly inferior wlthout question but there was entertainment value here and that caught on for sure . The kung fu craze had begun and Bruce Lee and ''The Chinese Connection'' would soon follow either that or ''The Chinese Boxer'' with Jimmy Wang Yu . In any case this film was chosen to lead the way .),-0.4
(17917,I saw this in the summer of 1990. I'm still annoyed by how bad this movie is in 2001.<br /><br />Implausible plot. You'd have to be a child to think this could happen.<br /><br />I'm just really annoyed by it. Don't see this.),-2.3333333333333335
(17994,"I voted 3 for this movie because it looks great as does all of Greenaways output. However it was his usual mix of ""art"" sex and pretentious crap.I know lots of people like this film but I grew tired of it VERY quickly. It is definitely not for everyone. The ubiquitous McGregor obviously took the part for crediblity's sake I guess but he really should not have wasted his time. I hate to consign anyone to pseud's corner but please.....!!! On the plus side it IS visually very attractive and I enjoyed the music but could not see it through to the end and I cannot say that for many movies. I usually watch the whole thing but this is unbearable!!"),-0.4
(17995,Phoned work sick - watched this in bed and it was so awful I would have went back to work if I could have gotten out of bed. The dog ran off with the remote so I was stuck.<br /><br />I'm positive Hammer was grooming the eldest daughter to become his beeeatch.<br /><br />Horrendous to watch - made me vomit more than what I was doing anyway. So there you have it - this would be the film that they play in the waiting room of Hell before you go in. Or maybe your stuck in the film for all eternity with the Hart kids. Just remember to take a gun with you....),-1.2
(18045,"I cannot stress how bad this movie is. This director took every cheap little unintelligent shot at making these people look so ""distressed"". Why are their clothes so dirty? Why on earth would you get the new clark kent to play a crack head? You should be banned from motion pictures for the rest of your life Buddy Giovinazzo.<br /><br />I take serious offense to this fool wanting to cast real actors as thugs and lowlifes as some kind of clever joke. Why would you ask Clark Kent to play a crackhead? Why are they yelling so much? Why is everyone so mean? Why are those kids so filthy? No one would want to be so filthy? Not even a crackhead child.<br /><br />You need to grow up and not make any movies ever again."),-0.75
(18045,"This is one of the worst movies EVER made. I can't believe how bad it was. I was shocked at the awfulness of the ""ghoulies"" masks. They are OBVIOUSLY Halloween masks! The mouths don't even move when they talk!!!!! Why did they feel the need to make the ghoulies comical and goofy? Whenever they do anything there seems to be this circus-like music and overused BONK and BOING noises when they hit people. The bondage dominatrix lady is one of the worst actresses I have ever seen. This movie is just bad. The plot is nonexistent. The mom from ONE TREE HILL is in this though and she has obviously had a nose job since this was made. Why did the main character from the first movie return to make this garbage? BAD BAD BAD movie."),-2.75
(18162,One of those TV films you saw in the seventies that scared the hell out of you when you were a kid but still gives you an eerie feeling. No great actors or expensive production but everytime that phone rings......),-1.25
(18254,As Most Off You Might off Seen Star Wars: Return Off The Jedi You May Knows Its A Good Movie But As You Might Have Seen On Video They M|might have a party At The end And They Just Probably End The Movie with the party with no a spirits or anything But on the original one (Live TV) When they are Partying But before i say more when Ben obi-wan dies in the Imperial Ship Or Death Star They Saw him Disappear And Yoda Dies From Either Old Age Or Internal Illness But because Luke killed Darth Vader (Real Name: Anakin Skywalker) When They All Are Partying At The end when Luke Or Someone Stops the Spirits Off Ben And Yoda Stands Starring At Him And Smiling While Another Spirit Appears Is its Darth Vader but not as A Sith As The Old Usual Selve off Him And Started Smiling with Ben And Yoda I reckon That made the movie ending a little bit interesting But the Producers or anyone should off made a spirit off Padme And Mace Windu And Other Jedis that got killed with Younglings Under There Arms in the back ground),-0.8
(18357,This movie had very few moments of real drama. After the opening minutes the film descended in a spiral that didn't quite take us to hell and back - viewing was pure purgatory to say the least. The acting was more horrendous than the subject matter of the film and at times I couldn't stop laughing. The continuity between some of the scenes was dire - characters disappeared from scenes without explanation only to be replaced by other characters who minutes earlier had been some where else. Surely this was a spoof of The Exorcist. The collection plate at the church must have been full of copper the day Mr Russo signed up for this one. Do I speak Latin? Et tu Brutus.),-1.8333333333333333
(18442,wow this is the worst movie ever. the only reason i signed up for IMDb was so i could complain about this movie. i have never walked out of a theater or stoped a DVD but i almost stopped this one (and i should have). but i watched it all the way to the end just to get let down again with an absolutely terrible ending. wow if this is all that wes craven can produce his time is long up. I've never seen the first one and will never after watching this. its terrible acting with a terrible plot. hey looks someone is shinning a mirror at us lets go check it out. and the sad part is that when this movie came to DVD it was completely checked out at blockbuster forever. so i feel bad for all the people that saw this junk.),-0.8181818181818182
(18530,"Very Cliched. Quite corny. Acting gets worse as the show goes on. Don't believe anything that folks say about the ""realism"" that this movie is supposed to portray. It's just a shoot'em up. Interesting twist in that the VC sieging the base were given a human face and weren't portrayed as evil incarnate."),-3.0
(18777,Jarl and Moodysson are part of an dying breed of political film makers. The Swedish population should appreciate that they try to uncover the truth when the government and media actively distorts and cover up the events surrounding the EU meeting in Gothenburg. It is absolutely heartbreaking to see how these innocent kids have been abused and drugged by the Swedish police and convicted to prison in political trials for sending text messages and as revenge for others actions. The only unfortunate thing about this movie is that it will not reach the broad masses in Sweden as it will only be shown it theaters and not be released on video or aired on television.<br /><br />The political film is important as it can bring new perspectives and insight into complex issues and has a role to play as an educator of the masses.),-0.875
(18823,o dear god i suffered having to watch this film FOUR times in my sisters house and was it dreadful a story of sex and guns and very cheap unexplained acting unless you are at gunpoint being told to watch this avoid it Ja Rule just proved he cannot act Ving Rhames also gave the most dreadful acting ever in any of his films there was not one part of this film made me laugh or make me jump or feel any emotion i would be surprised people actually enjoyed this i have seem some dreadful films in my life but this would be in my five worst films ever the music in it wasn't good and the storyline i think was made up by a couple of guys who ordered a pizza and just sat down wrote ten bullet points and then made it into a film absolutely dreadful),-0.9
(18869,"I saw ""A Page of Madness"" in a silent film course at Wesleyan University and it haunts me still after 25 years. Truly ahead of its time - perhaps even still - this gem of a film reveals both the frightening and attractive aspects of madness."),-2.0
(18885,The problem with this movie is that it is shot on the worst possible camera and the film is blurry and grainy. Maybe it's just the fact that whoever was holding the camera couldn't hold still because they were having a seizure or something. There is also way too much poop and vomit in this movie. There is someone vomiting every twenty minutes and it makes me think that this was made by some bulimic or something. It was disgusting. Then there is the annoying high pitched screaming that goes on and on and on and doesn't stop until the credits roll. I also didn't like when all her friends were being shot (or not I don't know)and she goes in the van and puts band aids on. That was just really really stupid to even have that in a movie. How much gas can a person siphon to get a van going? It must be a whole lot because they don't run out of gas for the rest of the movie. It was a terrible movie and I would highly suggest not ever seeing it in your whole entire life.),-1.6666666666666667
(18937,I´m only joking. This was potentially the worst film I have ever had the misfortune to sit through. How anybody in the 1950´s could have raised a laugh at this innane rubbish is beyond my comprehension. I jest not.),-1.0
(19084,I cannot get over how awful this movie was. My eyes want to jump out of my head and my ears are gushing blood from the horrible awful one song soundtrack. There are four kids and dog and they run away from a hospital then get away with stealing two cars and a bus. No one gives them any punishment or anything to correct them. The acting is just so awful it sounds like an instruction video for social studies class. I cannot think of one thing that I like about this movie. Nothing. Even the kid that loses his dog made me want to vomit. He gets his dog back without the lady even seeing the dog run out the door. Maybe the dog was trying to escape out of this movie. Then there is some horse manure in the whole mix. It was torture watching this movie. Then at the end the oldest boy says something like staying together isn't a crime and they all hug him and love him. Stealing gas is a crime. Stealing two cars and a bus is a crime and he should have went to juvenile hall or something. Avoid this movie at all costs and especially if you want to keep your family together.),-0.5625
(19255,1st watched 6/21/2001 - 2 out of 10(Dir-Emmanuel Itier): Pretty much worthless supposed thriller that spends more time drawing us into sexual encounters with and without the star 'Amber Smith.' It tries to wrap a story around the sex scenes but as usual with these types of movies it is not done very well. I was so bored with this movie that I actually fast-forwarded thru the ending to get it over with. The video version I watched was called 'Tell Me No Lies.'),-2.0
(19457,What a stinker!!! I swear this movie was written by a computer that took a whole pile of other movies and merged them all together into this platypus of film. Ouch!),-2.0
(19489,...don't watch it. Here's a hint: tune in to the last 5 minutes and you'll catch her in a bikini. Otherwise you'll just have to sit through the flick and endure her helium-sucking voice view for screen time with the inexplicable Aussie accents of the lost city of Atlantis or wherever the heck she goes to to locate her missing father. We now know why Kathy pursued a non-speaking career of modelling: she couldn't have survived the death-threats from those poor headache-suffering victims who heard her voice for more than 30 seconds. The rest of the story is some kind of weird poorly-lit Mad Max mish-mash.),-1.1428571428571428
(20065,The original story had all the ingredients to make a thoroughly gripping Film. But failed miserably in this version as even Cherie Lunghi was a pale imitation of what she was to become - so much so that I suspected that she must turn out to be an accomplice right to the end. Sherlock Holmes was turned into a warrior quite unlike anything every suggested by Sir Arthur Conn Doyle ? In fact it was Doctor Watson who showed what little common sense that was going. The boot blacked midget from the Andoman islands looked as though he could not fight his way out of a paper bag and what the villain was doing taking tea in Baker Street for a denouement was beyond anything that the old Scotland Yard could ever have dreamed up. So consign this TV Film to their Black Museum please.),-1.3333333333333333
(20322,Welcome to a bad ghost story and someone's nightmare. This horror tale finds a newly married husband(John Hudson)and wife(Peggy Weber)haunted by the memory of his previous wife and screaming skulls found throughout their empty mansion and lily pond. Is the husband really trying to drive his already anxious bride insane? Or is it the learning challenged gardener Mickey(Alex Nicol)who has taken care of the mansion's grounds since the death of the original mistress of the house? This low budget horror flick has a story line that keeps you involved all the way the finale. Special effects are pretty bad even at 1958 standards. I swear at times the screaming skull sounds much like it should be in a Godzilla movie. Also in the cast as Reverend Snow is character actor Russ Conway. By the way...the lurking gardener(Nicol)is the film's director. You can catch this as part of AMC's Monsterfest.),-1.1428571428571428
(20337,The original book of this was set in the 1950s but that won't do for the TV series because most people watch for the 1930s style. Ironically the tube train near the end was a 1950s train painted to look like a 1930s train so the Underground can play at that game too. Hanging the storyline on a plot about the Jarrow March was feeble but the 50s version had students who were beginning to think about the world around them so I suppose making them think about the poverty of the marchers is much the same thing. All the stuff about Japp having to cater for himself was weak too but they had to put something in to fill the time. This would have made a decent half hour show or they could have filmed the book and made it a better long show. It is obvious this episode is a victim of style over content.),-0.6666666666666666
(20468,The theme is controversial and the depiction of the hypocritical and sexually starved india is excellent.Nothing more to this film.There is a lack of good dialogues(why was the movie in english??). There was lack of continuity and lack of passion/emotion in the acting.),-1.2857142857142858
(20468,I watched the DVD of this movie which also comes with an excellent commentary track (in English). It seems in Cambodia (the subtitles in English say the character is speaking Thai but the movie says Cambodia)a very violent evil man is raising boys to be killers using starvation and training them to fight and kill. He sends Pang to kill some people in China and during the killings a cop's partner is killed. The cop Wai is a loose cannon who is worried about his father who is also a cop who was shot and is in a coma. Wai's chief is his dad's friend and is worried about Wai's erratic behavior. He doesn't know Wai was the one who caught his dad in dealing with drug dealers and shot him and put him into the coma. Pang escapes and hides in a squalid landfill shack where he meets a woman who came here to find her mother and keeps repeating her father won't let her leave (Pang doesn't speak Chinese and doesn't understand this but saves her from her father who appears to be having sex with her maybe this is the reason for Cat III). Wai becomes more and more obsessed with getting Pang but Pang is almost unstoppable. Even after Pang steals a boat and takes the woman to his home where they are married and she becomes pregnant Wai follows and joins the evil man (who's training the boys)making a deal to fight and train so he can get Pang. There is a big showdown between Wai and Pang with the terribly abused woman the major victim and leaving Wai dead and Pang cutting out his child from the dead mother only to die and leave him as the possible next boy to be raised as a killer. This film is beautifully photographed with an excellent soundtrack. There are many very brutal violent scenes. The woman having a long nail pulled out of her foot. Knives to the neck and torso. Guns fired directly to the head. And several very intense beatings. It maybe grim intense and downbeat but it is definitely worth seeing.),-1.1935483870967742
(20483,What a shame that Alan Clarke has to be associated with this tripe. That doesn't rule it out however; get a group of lads and some Stellas together and have a whale of a time running this one again and again and rolling around on the floor in tears of laughter. Great wasted night stuff. Al Hunter homes in on a well publicised theme of the late 80s- that hooligans were well organised and not really interested in the football itself- often with respectable jobs (estate agent???). But how Clarke can convince us that any of the two-bit actors straying from other TV productions of low quality (Grange Hill) or soon to go on to poor quality drama (Eastenders) can for a nanosecond make us believe that they are tough football thugs is laughable. Are we really to believe that the ICF (on whom of course the drama is based) would EVER go to another town to fight with just SIX blokes?<br /><br />The ICF would crowd out tube stations and the like with HUNDREDS. Andy Nicholls' Scally needs to be read before even contemplating a story of this nature. The acting is appalling and provides most of the laughs- Oldman is so camp it is unbelievable. Most of them look as though they should be in a bubble of bath of Mr Matey. A true inspiration to anyone with a digital video camera who thinks they can make a flick- go for it.),-0.3333333333333333
(20794,This movie was the slowest and most boring so called horror that I have ever seen. I would include a comment on the plot but there was none. I do not recommend this movie unless you are prepared for the biggest waste of money and time of your life.),-0.25
(20856,This is a rotten movie.The cast seem to know just how bad it was.it starts badly and by the end is truly bad.the acting is woeful.the script could of been written on the spot.and although the movie is a horror film it has no scary scenes.Crap 1 out of 10),-2.25
(21311,Goof: Factual error<br /><br />When Charlie walks out of the room to commit suicide he takes his gun with a silencer. After a few seconds we hear a loud bang from the same gun being fired.),-0.75
(21512,"The horror of this made for TV film was that it didn't end with this one. It spawned a regular weekly series that was even worse than the pilot/movie. Most films about various professions have some type of realism to them and of course are jazzed up to make it exciting. This had none of that. If the intent was to make in ""Camp"" then it succeeded. It resurfaced on cable a couple of years ago and failed again. Richard Jaeckels performance as the Master Chief who does it all was the only redeeming part of this film. Campier than the Batman series of the 60's."),-2.5
(22007,The casting (and direction) in Undercurrent is more insipid than inspired in this noir clunker that fails from the outset to get off the ground. Robert Taylor's wooden style poses a roadblock almost immediately for the highly affected Kate Hepburn and it's bad chemistry from the outset.<br /><br />Naive and innocent Ann Hamilton (Hepburn) falls for handsome airplane manufacturer Alan Garroway (Taylor) and rushes to the altar with him. She soon finds out there is a lot she does not know about him. As Alan becomes more remote she delves further into the murky past and Ann soon finds herself living a nightmare instead of the American dream.<br /><br />Undercurrent resembles a few Hitchcock plots but Vincent Minnelli rapidly establishes he is no master of suspense. Hepburn is no shrinking violet and she is a hard sell for a character more suited to the reticent styles of Teresa Wright or Joan Fontaine. Minnelli never really succeeds in getting Kate to defer in desperate fashion to Taylor's limited abilities as an actor. Her attempts come across as silent Gish while Taylor's wide descent into madness takes on restrained Bela Lugosi. Robert Mitchum completes the miscasting as the sensitive brother. Talk about piling on.<br /><br />Cinematographer Karl Freund provides some highly stylized noir interiors but Minnelli and cast utilize the atmospherics meekly and the tension remains tepid. With Minnelli far from his forte (musicals) and Hepburn's victim role fitting her like a bad suit Undercurrent drowns all involved.),-1.2222222222222223
(22013,I saw this movie thinking that it would be one of those old B movies that are fun to watch. I was so wrong! This movie was boring and obviously aimed at males who like looking at corpulent women. The story was so ridiculous and implausible that it lost my interest altogether. It seemed to be in the same genre as the Ed Wood films - bottom of the barrel.),-0.3333333333333333
(22301,how does anyone keep on seeing horror movies after this one??? really this one it's so bad that makes me sick!! and love horror movies but come on....... who could had remembered to do such a awful movie? It as no history!!it's only a men who chases a bunch of teenagers because they take something from him !!! and what have they took?? gold....it's typical.... The movie is boring from the beginning until the end!! And what is Karen black who is a great actress doing in such a ridiculous movie like this? but what can I say ?? I think everyone should see it because my opinion is my opinion!! may be you would like??? I don't think so but.....),-0.625
(22597,This is just a very bad film. Miles looks as if she is in pain during the sex scenes and the acting is wooden. It also drags on slowly and never really finds a point to it all. One of the worst films that I have ever seen!),-2.25
(22600,Ask yourself where she got the gun? Remember what she was taught about the mark's mindset when the con is over? The gun had blanks and it was provided to her from the very beginning.<br /><br />When the patient comes back at the end she was SUPPOSED to see him drive away in the red convertible and lead her to the gang splitting up her 80 thousand.<br /><br />The patient was in on the con from the beginning.<br /><br />Mantegna does not die in the end - the gun had blanks.<br /><br />There - enough spoilers for you there? This is why people are giving it such high ratings. It's extremely original because of the hidden ending and how it cons MOST of the audience.),-1.6666666666666667
(22824,Iam a Big fan of Mr Ram Gopal Varma but i could not believe that he made this movie. i was really disappointed.<br /><br />Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag doesn't come anywhere close to the real Sholay. It does not leave a lasting impression on a viewer. Ram Gopal Varma fails to create chemistry between the characters . There is no camaraderie between Heero(Ajay Devgan) and Raj(Prashant raj). There are hardly any scenes with more than two people in the frame together. The sequence outside the courtroom with Amitabh Bachchan and Mohanlal face off is remarkable. Amitabh Bachchan should not have done this movie. Ajay and Sushmita sen was trying their best but no use. Rajpal Yadav's voice modulation - ineffective and rather pointless. Mohanlal did full justice and proved it again that acting is all about facial expression and body language. Rest of the cast was below expectation. The comedy situation which was adapted from the original sholay fall flat in this movie.<br /><br />Ram Gopal Varma could have worked upon the script but because of the controversies surrounded against the movie he messed up and just for the sake of making he made this Aag. But there is no fire.),-0.09090909090909091
(23048,Never see this movie.<br /><br />It tries to be a spoof on scifi/thriller films of the 1950s and 1960s but all it succedes at is making you wish really badly that you were watching one of them and not it.<br /><br />It is very lame. A spoof has to have some aspect which has some above par quality to it. This movie does not have any such aspect.<br /><br />Save yourself. It's too late for me but... just don't watch it.),-1.0
(23398,"As I was flipping through the channel I came to a channel 124. It is an urban channel. I saw this movie on and decided to give it a try. I almost became a mass murderer due to this film. I have done home movies and they are oscar quality compared to this huge mass of Dookie. The lighting was terrible and the acting was absolutely unrelentlessly bad. I would rather watch Star Crystal....... Holy cow maybe that is not a good example. The main question I have about this film is... Was it to be a morality film? the reason why I ask is because ther was one line where this lady in a wheelchair says "" I would have been another gang statistic"" Oh my head is starting to hurt. After hearing that line I went into the kitchen and pulled out a knife ready to stab anyone who dared watch this movie. But some sense kicked in and I just changed the channel to watch the man with the afro paint. Well that is all I have to say about this movie. If you want to endure this pain go ahead but not recommended for those with short fuses or a bad case of tourettes"),-0.5555555555555556
(23742,"""Jaded"" offers a premise with potential as it looks at the rape of a woman by two other women and ask the question ""when is rape not rape?"". Unfortunately the flick seems to suffer from bad direction as it slogs through legal minutia while trying to weave some kind of story with a handful of foul mouthed and poorly portrayed characters only to end abruptly. ""Jaded"" is lame stuff only for the bleary-eyed couch potato in the mood for some dark drama."),-1.7142857142857142
(24021,I've heard a lot of different opinions about this film and then to find out that Paris Hilton was in it as well didn't give Me the best impression of the film .... then to be dragged to the cinema by a group of my friends and sit there expecting a pile of pants i was shocked to find that i was scared stiff all the way through the film ... it was predictable yes but the build up of the deaths and the whole atmosphere of the film made it REALLY scary for me ... i was watching through my fingers the whole way through. So i say go watch it and decide for yourself and if the fact that its a scary film doesn't convince you to go watch it then it also has Chad Michael Murray in it which can't be bad to watch for a couple of hours eh?),-0.7777777777777778
(24264,photography was too jumpy to follow. dark scenes hard to see.<br /><br />Had good story line too bad it got lost somewhere. Too noisy for what was really happening Bottom line is it's a baddddd movie),-1.0
(24363,Who in the world told Harrison Ford that this was a good role for him???<br /><br />And Josh Hartnett...how does a 19 year old who can't fire a gun become a cop? Over used cliches plus zero character development and about 15 pointless music industry cameos equal a surprisingly bad film!!!),-0.75
(25113,This was an incredibly stupid movie. It was possibly the worst movie I've ever had the displeasure of sitting through. I cannot fathom how it ranks a rating of 5 or 6.............),-2.5
(25132,Sharky's Machine is a crime drama set in early 80's Atlanta. It stars Burt Reynolds as a renegade cop who is hellbent on stopping crime and corruption in his city. The story is about a dirty politician who is at the top of a crime ring that has been brining the city to it's knees. Sharky's link to bringing down this syndicate is a high-priced hooker that he falls for during the course of the movie. The action sequences are well done for the early 80's and the soundtrack / score are pretty good. The acting is B-level but this is a pretty decent film to have in your DVD collection.<br /><br />Overall 7/10<br /><br />Peace <br /><br />Buggieblade),-1.0
(25186,If you are planning to rent or buy this movie don't. It's the worst thing I have ever seen. I would comment on it more but It has been 10 years since I saw it and have blanked all of it from my mind. Save yourself some time money and well being and stay far far away.),-3.0
(25379,It feels like swedish movies are trying to become more american and I just don´t get it. In this movie the performance of some of the actors is horrible and the script is nothing special. Don´t waste your time!),-0.6666666666666666
(25428,Rowan Atkinson delivers an unforgettable performance as the clueless Mr. Bean who never goes far without his Teddy Bear. The appeal of Mr. Bean is largely his childish behavior and innocence. We don't know if he came from the sky or another planet. He is the kind of strange character that you can't make up quite easily. He is often alone and used to it. He has a hard time communicating through speech which might be why we only hear his grunts at times. There are other characters who speak to him and he responds. The character of Mr. Bean is a mystery and still is. He lives alone and does the unthinkable when he can do the sensible thing. Mr. Bean is rather an odd man out who does not mind it much. He rather live a simple life with his yellow car and teddy bear and hopes to get to work on time.),-0.8888888888888888
(25968,If the writer/director is reading this (and I imagine you are since you should now be out of work) then I must tell you - I have seen some bad movies in my time but this one gets the distinction of having the worst premise I've ever heard.<br /><br />SPOILERS - Nothing happens! <br /><br />A total waste of time. I laughed out loud at the end. <br /><br />SIDE NOTE - (if the whole movie was her in a coma then does the scene where she sleeps with that guy mean someone raped her while she was knocked out?)<br /><br />Utter rubbish.),-1.5
(25983,I can't believe I wasted my time with this movie. I couldn't even call it a movie. It was so bad with nothing to recommend it. <br /><br />I like low budget movies and weird flicks but this one had me bored to death. Badly made and bad acting ruined it from being curious. You have to wonder what these people were thinking when they spent money to produce this movie. I wonder what I was thinking watching it to the end. I recommend this movie to no one. How did they release this? Was there an audience who likes this kind of movie? There must be because you can find this at almost any video store. But why?<br /><br />Deserves to be forgotten.<br /><br />If you like bad movies then this is for you.),-0.42857142857142855
(26320,Yesterday my Spanish / Catalan wife and myself saw this emotional lesson in history. Spain is going into the direction of political confrontation again. That is why this masterpiece should be shown in all Spanish High Schools. It is a tremendous lesson in the hidden criminality of fascism. The American pilot who gets involved in the Spanish Civil War chooses for the democratically elected Republican Government. The criminal role of religion is surprisingly well shown in one of the most inventive scenes that Uribe ever made. The colors are magnificent. The cruelty of a war (could anybody tell me the difference between Any war and a Civil war ?)is used as a scenario of hope when two young children express their feelings and protect each other. The cowards that start their abuse of power even towards innocent children are now active again. A film like 'El viaje de Carol'/ 'Carol's journey' tells one of the so many sad stories of the 20th Century. It is a better lesson in history than any book could contain. Again great work from the Peninsula Iberica !),-0.14285714285714285
(26665,Perhaps not my genre but plot was horrible as was acting by Nancy Allen and Linda Farentino. C. Thomas also seemed uncomfortable in role of being seduced here (while on marijuana? why did this need to be included? this weakened plot considerably). Also Farentino's charac. would have been better had she had more respect for a relationship. Would does movie try to say? not much.),-1.0
(26672,I didn't know anything about this DVD when I hired it. Had a quick look here at the comments but decided to keep an open mind. Obviously an independent film and low budget but that didn't worry me. I will watch anything with Derick Jacobi and as always he played his part well. What a pity no one else did. I had watched 'Atonement' a few weeks ago with Vanessa Redgrave and she was sublime. In this she seemed to just turn up to read the lines. In my opinion the main mistake was in casting Vinnie Jones. To be honest I saw his picture on the DVD cover but didn't notice that he got top billing. A sticker was strategically placed over his name! It was watchable and I quite liked the Dickens story alongside present day. Maybe with a more capable actor playing the lead this might have worked better. Still it was weak.),-0.125
(26791,Despite being told from a British perspective this is the best WW II documentary ever produced. Presented in digestible (as digestible as war can be) episodes as the grave voice of Laurence Olivier connects the multitudes of eye witnesses who were forced to live the events of that horrific time. Eagerly awaiting its appearance on DVD in the U.S. The Europeans had their opportunity with a release in DVD earlier this year.),-0.5
(26963,*****Warning: May contain SPOILERS********* My HUGE problem with this movie is how totally self-centered and self consumed the adulteress wife is!! After having a one night stand with a slimy psycho she is being stalked by him. He calls her constantly and threatens her and even sends a video of their night together. He is OBVIOUSLY crazy and very dangerous. The problem is she only thinks he is dangerous to HER (and exposing her secret). Not for one second did she ever have one thought of concern for her husband! Did she even for a moment think of him possibly being in danger from this psychotic?? As soon as she realized how mental he was she should have warned her husband no matter what the consequences. Maybe there wouldn't have been a movie then but there really wasn't one anyway so what's the difference.),-1.4444444444444444
(27420,"I just watched this move for the 5th or 6th time and am still in love with it. It still makes me cry and sing and worry and celebrate.<br /><br />I almost wrote Bonnie Hunt a letter to tell her how much I love it. David Duchovny's grief scene is so flippin real!!! Minnie Driver is so natural and honest. My favorite line is when Duchovny says ""I miss Elizabeth but I ache for Grace"". Oh man! I'm crying just thinking about it. ALSO... Bonnie Hunt and Jim Belushi are sooooooooooooo the perfect Chicago area couple!! I know them I swear! I'm related to them I'm sure. <br /><br />This movie is in my three times a year rotation!!! I'd watch it once a week but I'm afraid I'd get too used to it!!! I always want to make it a special day when I watch it!!"),-0.07692307692307693
(27578,"My personal vision of hell is being locked in a room without the ability to close my eyes or block my ears and have this movie play for eternity on every available surface in that room. The whole notion that Streisand plays a boy/man only begins to scratch the surface of how ridiculous a premise this movie is. The single most important thing about watching any movie is the concept of ""willing suspension of disbelief"" . . . it is impossible to do that in this movie."),-0.5
(28005,Only on a very rare occasion does an episode of the x-files fail to generate any excitement or does the episode contain anything which is just totally boring to watch.A detective and his former partner both die in unexplained circumstances.The deaths are linked to the presence of a little girl who was there when the deaths took place.Mulder has devised a theory that a policeman murdered by his colleagues has come back reincarnated as the little girl and is exacting revenge.Now for the bizarre bit.The little girl has no connection at all and seems to just a random person chosen as the reincarnation.I think this was slightly lazy writing by the writers and this episode ranks as one of the worst in x-files history!),-1.5
(28666,Sigh... what can I say? <br /><br />Why does a horrible script such as this gets approved in the first place. Its not wrong to have a complicated plot but its not explained to the audience properly!<br /><br />To have the wife explain the plot via flashbacks is bad bad bad. To have such a tight editing for the fight scenes is bad too! Such fanciful editing only appears in trailers. It cheapens the whole look!<br /><br />And who are the Russian guys at the top of the movie? Who is the guy being tortured? Is he with the CIA? <br /><br />This film deserved not to be released in theatre. But it doesn't deserve to be produced in the first place. Its a joke to Hollywood.),-1.0
(29122,Small college town coed OD's? (Why do we care?) Acting sheriff investigates the incident. (Why do we care?) The interviews show us the comatose subject (Kirshner) as different as the opinions of the subjects being interviewed. (Why do we care?) Result? A mess of flashbacks in this mess of a movie featuring a handful of one-hit wonders and B-flick divas which begs the question...Why do we care?),-2.0
(29122,"Unimpressive and extremely low budget sci-fi without any charm and appeal. Even the scenes related with the fall of the asteroids are stolen from other movies with the same plot. It's just a bad rip-off of ""Asteroid"" (with Annabela Sciora) and ""Deep Impact"" (with Morgan Freeman). Mr. Hopper seems to be anxious to slip away from this pointless and dull sci-fi entry.<br /><br />I give this a 2 (two). And don't say I'm not a good guy!"),-0.5
(29406,"The movie starts out fine. Widower out with new girlfriend and the children.<br /><br />The movie is filled with stupid director's choices. Like ""lets separate."" ""I am coming down to...."" do what? Stupid Stupid Stupid.<br /><br />Please do not waste your time hoping that it will get better.............. Not hardly."),-0.3333333333333333
(29595,An object lesson in how to make a bad movie which masquerades as Horror. Without going in too close I would imagine this is the results of a bunch of film school students all adding bits to the story and then actually ACTING in it! Its like a film workshop of some kind and its a film badly in need of an editor-in which case it would have lasted 10 minutes! The director of this garbage probably had more money than sense. Consider the number of submitted scripts or even unreleased films which would have benefited from this. The so called Granny who was killing people in some pretty stupid ways looked like Christopher Lloyd in Back to the Future-or maybe the musicians Johnny Winter/Edgar Winter. It starts off with 20 minutes of crass boring nonsense spouted out by the students-something about paranoia. Giving this rubbish 1 is because it can't get any less. It has not one single redeeming feature-and when one of the girls thinks the body on the floor covered in blood is the guy fooling about she has to actually TASTE the red stuff before she knows its not tomato ketchup! Its an insult to the intelligence of an idiot),-1.1666666666666667
(29912,This movie changes its way a third of the way in.its totally pointless boring and stupid.i hated this movie so much that i will never watch it again.some bad films can be really funny. this is just a British art house picture that should never of been made.1 out of 10),-3.0
(30867,"Loved this movie!! Great acting by Carla Gugino. Interesting story about a kidnapping that goes horribly wrong (don't they all?). Some surprising twists and turns in the film and the plot was easy to follow without being so convoluted as to be totally incomprehensible. It was a totally unexpected delight. More ""Quentin-ish"" than most films try to be."),-0.5
(31174,As there was nothing wrong with the acting etc etc the writing for the episode is way off for this series phantom or no phantom. It was a waste of 42 minutes to see the martian man hunter. You have to know that in the middle of the 6th series no matter what happens it is not true what is going on and really brings nothing to the story of the series except meeting the martian man hunter again and to waste 30 minutes to do this is by far another case of bad writing in the soap opera of smallville. I really like the show but mainly due to the cast and the 3 or so good episodes each year but who ever is on the writing cast that works or used to work on the soaps needs to be canned. This was by far one of the worst. With in the first 4 minutes you know that what is going on is bogus and anything happening is a dream based on Clark's infliction obviously caused by a phantom zone character and when he wakes up he will win and blah blah blah so the writers don't have to really create a villain that will progress the story line any this week. May as well have added another villain to die in the last episode the martian man hunter was in and made him fly away again or come back and tell Clark he forgot his sunglasses to get a closer look like in this episode and call it a day.),-0.05555555555555555
(32456,"Comedy? What's so funny about watching an ugly deadbeat alcoholic attending 6 sessions (by the time I turned it off) of alchoholics anonymous? Set off by a woeful script of grunts and mumbles and drunken slurrings. Served up with lashings of Hollywood's religious ""God will Save you"" redemption drivel Another Reviewer mentioned the ""Sassy dialogue"" of Tea Leone - well I managed to watch nearly an hour of this boring film and I still haven't seen any sassy yet - in fact my 80 year old grandmother has more amusing comebacks than Tea's character in this rubbish. Tea is more stony faced and shows less emotion than Keanu - in fact one wonders if she too isn't addicted to something - maybe botox her face is so wooden? Save yourself from being killed with boredom from this film."),-1.6
(2,"This movie doesn't even deserve a 1/10 This movie was a scam.<br /><br />I swear that at least 30 minutes of the film were DELIBERETLY copied from Carnosaur 1),-2.0
(2,"It is finally coming out. The first season will be available March 2007. It is currently airing on ABC Family from 4-5 pm eastern time Monday through Friday. The last episode will air on December 19th at 4:30. I missed it the first 100 times around. I wish I could buy the whole series right now. Who does she pick? I have to write 10 lines in order to reply to the first comment. What am I going to say. La da da de de. La da da de de nope only up to 8 how do I get to 9 almost almost awww 9 now I need 10 - 1),-0.5
(22,"Just watched Hair after a lapse of 20 years. It struck home. For those of us who tried to stand on the shoulders of the civil rights movement and fight the rule of privilege and power; who resisted the fascism of the Johnson/Nixon administrations; who now as veterans of civil wars fought the war in Vietnam every single day until finally the US beast died and fled; for all who said no in many different ways -- it's remarkable how unsuccessful we were. How large the real table was on which Treat danced. How driven the wizard behind the curtain. We were 20),-1.0
(33,The worst movie i've ever seen. I still don't understand what Dennis Hopper and Michael Madsen intend to do in. Maybe they had bills to pay... The best and cult part happens during a flashback which brings us during WWII when a Nazi officer hide his Jewish wife. That's the beginning of a typical serial killer life! It seems to be directed during the beginning of the 80's but then appears a New Beattle... Amazing! This movie was directed in 2001... I'm quite sure that it took less than two weeks to do that movie. I heard that Dennis Hopper's wife asked for divorce after she saw that picture and Michael Madsen's mother had a heart attack when the actor admitted to be the man under the yellow baseball hat. Pathetic!),-0.6
(85,Im still in doubt if this is just a horrible movie or the worse movie i ever saw. Actors are painful and its impossible to get into the text.<br /><br />Don't waist your time into this movie. By submitting this comment you are agreeing to the terms laid out in our Copyright Statement. Your submission must be your own original work. Your comments will normally be posted on the site within 2-3 business days. Comments that do not meet the guidelines will not be posted. Please write in English only. HTML or boards mark-up is not supported though paragraph breaks will be inserted if you leave a blank line between paragraph.By submitting this comment you are agreeing to the terms laid out in our Copyright Statement. Your submission must be your own original work. Your comments will normally be posted on the site within 2-3 business days. Comments that do not meet the guidelines will not be posted. Please write in English only. HTML or boards mark-up is not supported though paragraph breaks will be inserted if you leave a blank line between paragraph.),-0.7142857142857143
(,"no),-1.0
(,"A sad),-2.0
(,"awful),-3.0
(,"sorry),-1.0
(,"A pity),-2.0
(,"An odd),-2.0
(,"So bad),-3.0
(,"boring),-3.0
(,"A weird),-2.0
(,"I admit),-1.0
(,"I swear),-2.0
(,"Too bad),-3.0
(,"Well no),-1.0
(,"A dreary),-2.0
(,"I loathe),-3.0
(,"No doubt),-1.0
(,"Very odd),-2.0
(,"Be warned),-2.0
(,"For shame),-2.0
(,"Holy crap),-3.0
(,"I'm sorry),-1.0
(,"Pure crap),-3.0
(,"The worst),-3.0
(,"VERY dull),-2.0
(,"no really),-1.0
(,"A horrible),-3.0
(,"Am I wrong),-2.0
(,"By mistake),-2.0
(,"From rainy),-1.0
(,"It's a bad),-3.0
(,"It's weird),-2.0
(,"Not as bad),-3.0
(,"This moody),-1.0
(,"This noisy),-1.0
(,"Very sadly),-2.0
(,"What a bad),-3.0
(,"Why bother),-2.0
(,"bad acting),-3.0
(,"irritating),-3.0
(,"A bad movie),-3.0
(,"A confusing),-2.0
(,"I was bored),-2.0
(,"Man on fire),-2.0
(,"This stupid),-2.0
(,"bad acting ),-3.0
(,"it aint bad),-3.0
(,"""I hate you),-3.0
(,"""When I die),-3.0
(,"A ridiculous),-3.0
(,"A very weird),-2.0
(,"Another gray),-1.0
(,"I must admit),-1.0
(,"I will admit),-1.0
(,"I'm so sorry),-1.0
(,"It is so bad),-3.0
(,"It's a shame),-2.0
(,"It's strange),-1.0
(,"Kinda boring),-3.0
(,"That's a bad),-3.0
(,"This foolish),-2.0
(,"Why a stupid),-2.0
(,"Admirably odd),-2.0
(,"CB4 was awful),-3.0
(,"Have to admit),-1.0
(,"It's dreadful),-3.0
(,"This is a bad),-3.0
(,"This is awful),-3.0
(,"Without doubt),-1.0
(,"A stupid movie),-2.0
(,"A very strange),-1.0
(,"Call me stupid),-2.0
(,"I'm sorry guys),-1.0
(,"It's a strange),-1.0
(,"One must admit),-1.0
(,"That's a weird),-2.0
(,"This is a poor),-2.0
(,"This is so bad),-3.0
(,"Truly terrible),-3.0
(,"weak direction),-2.0
(,"A genuinely odd),-2.0
(,"A very bad film),-3.0
(,"A waste of time),-1.0
(,"Acting was weak),-2.0
(,"Another violent),-3.0
(,"Before I forget),-1.0
(,"Falsely accused),-2.0
(,"I have to admit),-1.0
(,"I may be biased),-2.0
(,"I must warn you),-2.0
(,"I'm sorry folks),-1.0
(,"I've seen worse),-3.0
(,"It is difficult),-1.0
(,"Look no further),-1.0
(,"Make no mistake),-1.5
(,"OK i will admit),-1.0
(,"Oh f*cking hell),-4.0
(,"One missed call),-2.0
(,"Pretty terrible),-3.0
(,"This was so bad),-3.0
(,"Time for a rant),-3.0
(,"Very bad acting),-3.0
(,"Very disturbing),-2.0
(,"What a horrible),-3.0
(,"What a terrible),-3.0
(,"Without a doubt),-1.0
(,"without a doubt),-1.0
(,"""Cinema is dead),-3.0
(,"A combat veteran),-1.0
(,"I am sorry folks),-1.0
(,"I feel at a loss),-3.0
(,"I gotta admit it),-1.0
(,"I hate to say it),-3.0
(,"I like bad films),-0.5
(,"In a time of bad),-3.0
(,"It isn't TOO bad),-3.0
(,"It's a bad movie),-3.0
(,"It's a poor film),-2.0
(,"Pere is an idiot),-3.0
(,"Really bad movie),-3.0
(,"Thanks to a dull),-2.0
(,"The silly saying),-1.0
(,"This film is bad),-3.0
(,"This started bad),-3.0
(,"Very silly movie),-1.0
(,"What a bad movie),-3.0
(,"When I say worse),-3.0
(,"waste of my life),-1.0
(,"A disturbing film),-2.0
(,"A horrendous film),-3.0
(,"A truly disturbed),-2.0
(,"A very weak movie),-2.0
(,"Beyond dirt cheap),-2.0
(,"Faces are slashed),-2.0
(,"Have no illusions),-1.0
(,"I felt brain dead),-3.0
(,"I hated this crap),-3.0
(,"My poor Tank Girl),-2.0
(,"No doubt about it),-1.0
(,"Pick a stereotype),-2.0
(,"Some of the worst),-3.0
(,"Take a bad script),-3.0
(,"The plot was dull),-2.0
(,"This is a strange),-1.0
(,"This is the worst),-3.0
(,"This movie is bad),-3.0
(,"This show is dull),-2.0
(,"This utterly dull),-2.0
(,"This was terrible),-3.0
(,"Thought provoking),-1.0
(,"A ridiculous movie),-3.0
(,"A very silly movie),-1.0
(,"After a very scary),-2.0
(,"Bah. Another tired),-2.0
(,"Corny and horrible),-3.0
(,"Do not be mistaken),-2.0
(,"Don't get me wrong),-2.0
(,"Due to budget cuts),-1.0
(,"Even in a bad film),-3.0
(,"I hate to admit it),-2.0
(,"I'm sorry for Jean),-1.0
(,"If there is a hell),-4.0
(,"Im sorry to myself),-1.0
(,"It's getting worse),-3.0
(,"It's not difficult),-1.0
(,"It's sort of crazy),-2.0
(,"SHOWTIME is a mess),-2.0
(,"The acting was bad),-3.0
(,"This is a bad film),-3.0
(,"This is one dreary),-2.0
(,"This is really bad),-3.0
(,"This piece of crap),-3.0
(,"Truly a disgusting),-3.0
(,"Visitors is a hard),-1.0
(,"What is really sad),-2.0
(,"this is a terrible),-3.0
(,"A pretty awful film),-1.0
(,"A sadly predictable),-2.0
(,"Band Camp was awful),-3.0
(,"Don't get me wrong ),-2.0
(,"Good grief sethrp-1),-2.0
(,"Honestly awful film),-3.0
(,"I am terribly sorry),-2.0
(,"Jeopardy is a tense),-2.0
(,"Okay it is terribly),-3.0
(,"Okay this is stupid),-2.0
(,"Relentlessly stupid),-2.0
(,"Stealing is a crime),-3.0
(,"The movie is boring),-3.0
(,"The war in the East),-2.0
(,"The worst film ever),-3.0
(,"This film is so bad),-3.0
(,"This is truly awful),-3.0
(,"This movie is awful),-3.0
(,"This movie is weak ),-2.0
(,"This movie was lame),-2.0
(,"This starts off bad),-3.0
(,"This was a dreadful),-3.0
(,"To my eternal shame),-2.0
(,"Unimaginably stupid),-2.0
(,"Very bad film. Very),-3.0
(,"Woof! Pretty boring),-3.0
(,"""All men are guilty),-3.0
(,"""The missing star""),-2.0
(,"A vehemently cynical),-2.0
(,"An unbelievable plot),-1.0
(,"Besides being boring),-3.0
(,"Cowardly and cynical),-2.0
(,"Crazy Six is torture),-4.0
(,"Dumb is as dumb does),-3.0
(,"I cried my heart out),-2.0
(,"It started off weird),-2.0
(,"It's hard to believe),-1.0
(,"Love it or loathe it),-3.0
(,"Maybe I'm alone here),-2.0
(,"Robot Jox tries hard),-1.0
(,"Simply awful slasher),-3.0
(,"There are bad movies),-3.0
(,"This film is an eery),-2.0
(,"This film is strange),-1.0
(,"This is a badly made),-3.0
(,"This is a really sad),-2.0
(,"This movie is a mess),-2.0
(,"This movie is so bad),-3.0
(,"This movie is stupid),-2.0
(,"This movie kicks ass),-4.0
(,"This movie was awful),-3.0
(,"Uneducated & defiant),-1.0
(,"WOW! What a horrible),-3.0
(,"very badly made film),-3.0
(,"((NB: Spoiler warning),-3.0
(,"<br /><br />Very dull),-2.0
(,"A dozen bored surfers),-2.0
(,"A long-defunct prison),-2.0
(,"I may not be a critic),-2.0
(,"I wrote spoiler alert),-1.0
(,"I'm sorry to say that),-1.0
(,"I'm sorry to say this),-1.0
(,"If I look hard enough),-1.0
(,"Make no mistake about),-1.5
(,"Mind-numbingly boring),-3.0
(,"Oh my... bad clothing),-3.0
(,"So many bad reviewers),-3.0
(,"The acting is bad ham),-3.0
(,"The sound is terrible),-3.0
(,"This film is terrible),-3.0
(,"This is just horrible),-3.0
(,"This movie tries hard),-1.0
(,"This movie was a riot),-2.0
(,"This movie was so bad),-3.0
(,"This show is terrible),-3.0
(,"What a disappointment),-2.0
(,"a bit slow and boring),-3.0
(,"it really is terrible),-3.0
(,"this film has no plot),-1.0
(,"Certainly not horrible),-3.0
(,"Excuse me if I'm wrong),-2.0
(,"Five Fingers is so bad),-3.0
(,"I am ashamed to say it),-2.0
(,"I expected a bad movie),-3.0
(,"I've been disappointed),-2.0
(,"If you like bad movies),-0.5
(,"Now don't get me wrong),-2.0
(,"One of the most boring),-3.0
(,"Possible Spoiler alert),-1.0
(,"This is a racist movie),-3.0
(,"This kid is rather bad),-3.0
(,"This might sound weird),-2.0
(,"This movie is horrible),-3.0
(,"This movie is so awful),-3.0
(,"This movie is terrible),-3.0
(,"This movie was bizarre),-2.0
(,"now don't get me wrong),-2.0
(,"this movie has no plot),-1.0
(,"...I normally hate puns),-3.0
(,"A really terrible movie),-3.0
(,"A really very bad movie),-3.0
(,"As bad as this movie is),-3.0
(,"Can you say ""All shock),-2.0
(,"Despite a silly premise),-1.0
(,"Endearingly silly anime),-1.0
(,"I admit it's very silly),-1.0
(,"I couldn't. I was bored),-2.0
(,"In a bizarre experiment),-2.0
(,"It is a damn good movie),-0.5
(,"It's too bad these guys),-3.0
(,"Many Americans are lazy),-1.0
(,"ORCA is not exactly bad),-3.0
(,"Samuel Fuller knows war),-2.0
(,"The Messengers is a bad),-3.0
(,"The acting was terrible),-3.0
(,"The movie isn't too bad),-3.0
(,"This film is a travesty),-2.0
(,"This film is really bad),-3.0
(,"This is a terrible film),-3.0
(,"This is a very chilling),-1.0
(,"This is not a ""loose""),-3.0
(,"This is the most boring),-3.0
(,"This movie is just crap),-3.0
(,"This movie was horrible),-3.0
(,"This movie was so awful),-3.0
(,"Unbelievably bad acting),-3.0
(,"this movie is quite bad),-3.0
(,"<br /><br />I must admit),-1.0
(,"A bad one.<br /><br />Oh),-3.0
(,"As a lover of bad movies),-3.0
(,"Baby boom was bad enough),-3.0
(,"DD films were damn corny),-4.0
(,"Following a car accident),-2.0
(,"Grey Gardens is shocking),-2.0
(,"I wouldn't call it awful),-3.0
(,"I'm no horror movie buff),-1.0
(,"Let's not fool ourselves),-2.0
(,"Rated PG-13 for violence),-3.0
(,"That's pretty ridiculous),-1.0
(,"The Cell is weak on plot),-2.0
(,"The story was disjointed),-2.0
(,"The worst film ever made),-3.0
(,"This cartoon was strange),-1.0
(,"This has to be the worst),-3.0
(,"This is a bizarre oddity),-2.0
(,"This is a movie of tired),-2.0
(,"This is a terrible movie),-3.0
(,"This is easily the worst),-3.0
(,"This movie is really bad),-3.0
(,"While not truly terrible),-3.0
(,"With all the shoot em up),-1.0
(,"when i watched this crap),-3.0
(,"After a man turns up dead),-3.0
(,"After seeing the terrible),-3.0
(,"Another day stuck indoors),-2.0
(,"Film critics of the world),-2.0
(,"I don't know who to blame),-2.0
(,"I found this movie boring),-3.0
(,"I hate to be too critical),-3.0
(,"I though that it was hard),-1.0
(,"I watch LOTS of bad films),-3.0
(,"I watched this film alone),-2.0
(,"I'm sorry to all the fans),-1.0
(,"It's not a terrible movie),-3.0
(,"Josh Hartnett's dead eyes),-3.0
(,"Maybe I'm biased to foxes),-2.0
(,"Navy Seals is an ignorant),-2.0
(,"Skullduggery is a strange),-1.0
(,"The directors cut version),-1.0
(,"The movie is not that bad),-3.0
(,"The plot is real horrific),-3.0
(,"The premise is ridiculous),-3.0
(,"The trouble with the book),-2.0
(,"This film has a weak plot),-2.0
(,"This is a really bad film),-3.0
(,"This is no art-house film),-1.0
(,"This movie had mediocrity),-3.0
(,"This movie is really sick),-2.0
(,"This movie isn't terrible),-3.0
(,"This movie was disturbing),-2.0
(,"This movie was really bad),-3.0
(,"Unless I'm sadly mistaken),-2.0
(,"We've all seen bad movies),-3.0
(,"no comment - stupid movie),-1.5
(,"""Well Chuck Jones is dead),-3.0
(,"A man arrives in a strange),-1.0
(,"After five years in prison),-2.0
(,"Despite pretty bad reviews),-1.0
(,"Distortion is a disturbing),-2.0
(,"Don't even waste your time),-1.0
(,"Holy crap! What a terrible),-3.0
(,"It is such a strange movie),-1.0
(,"It's not too bad a b movie),-3.0
(,"Perhaps I missed something),-2.0
(,"So I don't ruin it for you),-2.0
(,"So this ugly guy with long),-3.0
(,"The trouble with this film),-2.0
(,"This film was so unfocused),-2.0
(,"This is an odd film for me),-2.0
(,"This is not a boring movie),-3.0
(,"This is one of those awful),-3.0
(,"This isn't a dreadful film),-3.0
(,"This might be unbelievable),-1.0
(,"This movie is a real shame),-2.0
(,"This movie is not just bad),-3.0
(,"This movie is very violent),-3.0
(,"This movie sucked sooo bad),-3.0
(,"This movie was 100% boring),-3.0
(,"WEBS is a pretty odd movie),-0.5
(,"Why?!! This was an insipid),-2.0
(,"Winter Kills is a terrible),-3.0
(,"With looks that could kill),-3.0
(,"You've seen the same tired),-2.0
(,"""Cherry"" tells of a naive),-2.0
(,"A youth gets a bad hair day),-3.0
(,"After too many bad memories),-3.0
(,"Don't say I didn't warn you),-2.0
(,"Except for an awkward scene),-2.0
(,"How cynical are the writers),-2.0
(,"If you are having a bad day),-3.0
(,"If you hate redneck accents),-3.0
(,"If you want mindless action),-0.5
(,"In a poor village in Mexico),-2.0
(,"In order to avoid confusion),-1.0
(,"It hurt to watch this movie),-2.0
(,"Jack Frost 2 was a horrible),-3.0
(,"Life is crazy. You're crazy),-2.0
(,"Potential viewers be warned),-2.0
(,"The characters are annoying),-2.0
(,"The screen-play is very bad),-3.0
(,"This documentary was boring),-3.0
(,"This film is the worst film),-3.0
(,"This is a very strange film),-1.0
(,"This is definitely a stupid),-2.0
(,"This movie maybe really bad),-3.0
(,"This movie was beyond awful),-3.0
(,"Very dull show. Whats worse),-2.5
(,"no movie with dennis hopper),-1.0
(,"this is not just a bad film),-3.0
(,"this movie scared me so bad),-2.5
(,"'It's easy to kill a monster),-1.0
(,". . . And that's a bad thing),-3.0
(,"A strangely enjoyable effort),-1.0
(,"A trio of low-life criminals),-3.0
(,"An awful film; badly written),-3.0
(,"Andreas arrives in a strange),-1.0
(,"Are sea side resorts the sad),-2.0
(,"Everybody's got bills to pay),-1.0
(,"Here's a well-made war story),-2.0
(,"How poor is this movie? Well),-2.0
(,"I do not envy Barry Levinson),-1.0
(,"I don't know which was worse),-3.0
(,"I have no idea what on earth),-1.0
(,"If this movie were any worse),-3.0
(,"If you don't like bad acting),-0.5
(,"It infuriates me no end that),-1.5
(,"REnted this one accidentally),-2.0
(,"The shame of it! There I was),-2.0
(,"There were some scary scenes),-2.0
(,"This is one of those strange),-1.0
(,"This movie is about pathetic),-2.0
(,"This movie is scary at times),-2.0
(,"This movie was just terrible),-3.0
(,"This was a pretty dull movie),-0.5
(,"Ugh. This is a terrible film),-3.0
(,"Unfortunately a boring flick),-3.0
(,"Why bother seeing this movie),-2.0
(,"Wow. They told me it was bad),-3.0
(,"You can call this one a flop),-2.0
(,"""Tourist Trap"" is a bizarre),-2.0
(,"A bit of a disappointing film),-2.0
(,"A stolen shipment of Vigoroso),-2.0
(,"After stabbing a retarded boy),-2.0
(,"An opera diva has an accident),-2.0
(,"An unjustly neglected classic),-2.0
(,"Bigfoot movies tend to be bad),-3.0
(,"EXTREMITIES is the disturbing),-2.0
(,"Fascinating and amusingly bad),-3.0
(,"I do miss the company Vestron),-2.0
(,"I do not know who is to blame),-2.0
(,"I guess I've seen worse films),-3.0
(,"I hated this film. Simply put),-3.0
(,"I have not seen such a stupid),-2.0
(,"I have seen bad movies before),-3.0
(,"I think I've seen worse films),-3.0
(,"I will leave it to my bettors),-1.0
(,"It may be hard to explain how),-1.0
(,"Nothing dull about this movie),-2.0
(,"STMD! is not a terrible movie),-3.0
(,"Says Andy: ""Nobody gets hurt),-2.0
(,"The movie was ""OK"". Not bad),-3.0
(,"The stories were pretty weird),-0.5
(,"This film is absolutely awful),-3.0
(,"This film is simply appalling),-2.0
(,"This film story is bad enough),-3.0
(,"This film was a waste of time),-1.0
(,"This movie is a pure disaster),-2.0
(,"This movie is not only boring),-3.0
(,"This movie really is that bad),-3.0
(,"This should have been a moody),-1.0
(,"This was such a terrible film),-3.0
(,"Very outdated film with awful),-3.0
(,"When naïve young Eddie Hatch),-2.0
(,"this was the most costly film),-2.0
(,"what is wrong with you people),-2.0
(,"A genuinely creepy ghost story),-1.0
(,"A satire about greed and money),-3.0
(,"As a flying and war movie buff),-2.0
(,"Being an admitted chess addict),-1.0
(,"But sadly due to rights issues),-2.0
(,"Career criminal and crime boss),-3.0
(,"Despite what its critics ensue),-2.0
(,"Don't let any reviews (critics),-2.0
(,"Don't worry - no spoilers here),-2.0
(,"For connoisseurs of bad movies),-3.0
(,"I am so insulted by this movie),-2.0
(,"I don't cry easily over movies),-1.0
(,"I don't know if I'm just weird),-2.0
(,"I had no problem with the film),-1.5
(,"I know it sounds crazy but yes),-0.5
(,"I was prepared for a bad movie),-1.0
(,"I won't say this movie was bad),-3.0
(,"I'm all about the walking dead),-3.0
(,"Ignore the bad reviews on here),-3.0
(,"It may be difficult to believe),-1.0
(,"Let's see: there's a civil war),-2.0
(,"Mr. ""Uwe Fail"" strikes again),-1.0
(,"NO WAY ! I hated Granny. First),-3.0
(,"Naturally Sadie sucks big time),-1.0
(,"Overall this movie is dreadful),-3.0
(,"Revolution is a terrible movie),-3.0
(,"So that´s what I called a bad),-3.0
(,"THE worst movie I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"This film is really really bad),-3.0
(,"This film is so incredibly bad),-3.0
(,"This film was absolutely awful),-3.0
(,"This is a very difficult movie),-1.0
(,"This is an irredeemably stupid),-2.0
(,"This little film is hysterical),-3.0
(,"This movie had terrible acting),-3.0
(,"This movie is extremely boring),-3.0
(,"This movie is just truly awful),-3.0
(,"This version is pretty insipid),-0.5
(,"To sat how awful The Shield is),-3.0
(,"To solve a challenging problem),-0.5
(,"While the writing was terrible),-3.0
(,"With the death of GEORGE NADER),-2.0
(,"'Bloody Birthday' is an odd and),-2.0
(,"......this film is pretty awful),-1.0
(,"A bad Quentin Tarantino rip off),-3.0
(,"A show about an incredibly dumb),-3.0
(,"After the suicide of his father),-2.0
(,"And I thought The Beach was bad),-3.0
(,"Another weak third-season entry),-2.0
(,"As a helpful warning for others),-0.5
(,"Blake Edwards' legendary fiasco),-3.0
(,"Dark Rising is your typical bad),-3.0
(,"Dramatic license - some hate it),-3.0
(,"Everything in this film is bad ),-3.0
(,"Gillian Anderson is an arrogant),-2.0
(,"I don't know what I missed here),-2.0
(,"I know curiosity killed the cat),-3.0
(,"I want to say the acting is bad),-1.0
(,"I was so disgusted by this film),-3.0
(,"I won't say the show is all bad),-3.0
(,"If you tried to make a bad film),-3.0
(,"Im warning you people out there),-3.0
(,"More of a near miss than a flop),-2.0
(,"Not too bad entry in the series),-3.0
(,"Really bad Italian horror movie),-3.0
(,"The reason why this movie sucks),-3.0
(,"There are movies that are awful),-3.0
(,"This film is so bad - dialogues),-3.0
(,"This is a god awful Norris film),-1.0
(,"This is officially the terrible),-3.0
(,"This is one of the most insipid),-2.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies),-3.0
(,"This is the worst brain damaged),-3.0
(,"This movie was so badly written),-3.0
(,"This norwegian movie is so crap),-3.0
(,"We're living in sad times today),-2.0
(,"With that line starts one silly),-1.0
(,"""A little nonsense now and then),-2.0
(,"""I fear you speak upon the rack),-2.0
(,"A bad bad movie... terrible plot),-3.0
(,"A lot of people hated this movie),-3.0
(,"A strange mix of traditional-80s),-1.0
(,"After having problems in Chicago),-2.0
(,"And Gi Joe go stuck in the water),-2.0
(,"Christopher Guest need not worry),-3.0
(,"Even people who dislike the film),-2.0
(,"Flashdance is one of those awful),-3.0
(,"I absolutely hate this programme),-3.0
(,"I really hate this retarded show),-2.5
(,"In an era of such awful cartoons),-3.0
(,"Set in a post apocalyptic future),-2.0
(,"That is no criticism of the film),-1.5
(,"The acting is awkward and creepy),-2.0
(,"The comparison is perhaps unfair),-2.0
(,"The recent death of Stephen Bach),-2.0
(,"The storyline is absurd and lame),-2.0
(,"There are movies that are so bad),-3.0
(,"There was no need for this movie),-1.0
(,"This British film is truly awful),-3.0
(,"This film is unusual and bizarre),-2.0
(,"This is an excruciatingly boring),-3.0
(,"This is probably the most boring),-3.0
(,"This movie is a pathetic attempt),-2.0
(,"This movie is truly unbelievable),-1.0
(,"This movie makes no sense at all),-1.0
(,"What a stupid waste of money! 30),-1.5
(,"i saw the film and i got screwed),-2.0
(,"*Warning - no plot spoilers ahead),-1.0
(,"<br /><br />Giorgino is a strange),-1.0
(,"A shaky hand-held camera was used),-2.0
(,"A very cheesy and dull road movie),-2.0
(,"After a very disappointing Part 3),-2.0
(,"As embarrassing as it is to admit),-1.5
(,"Back in 1993 Sega released a dull),-2.0
(,"Cates is insipid and unconvincing),-2.0
(,"Don't even bother with this movie),-2.0
(,"I desperately need this on a tape),-3.0
(,"I had few problems with this film),-2.0
(,"I just don't know how this stupid),-2.0
(,"I saw 'I Smell the Dead' -- sorry),-1.0
(,"I've seen a lot of crap in my day),-3.0
(,"It is ironic that during the '50s),-1.0
(,"It isn't the worst film ever made),-3.0
(,"It's hard to criticize this movie),-1.5
(,"May Contain Spoilers!!! In no way),-1.0
(,"Most of these reviews are dead on),-3.0
(,"Not bad but could be loads better),-0.5
(,"Not sure if it was right or wrong),-2.0
(,"Ocean's Twelve: just plain stupid),-2.0
(,"The English are a little too evil),-3.0
(,"The big bad swim has a low budget),-1.0
(,"The worst kind of film. Basically),-0.5
(,"This is a VERY bad movie. However),-3.0
(,"This movie is so irredeemably bad),-3.0
(,"This movie was very disappointing),-2.0
(,"To overcome the death of his wife),-2.0
(,"What's wrong with this film? Many),-2.0
(,"""With all the misery in the world),-2.0
(,"**SPOILERS**This was an ugly movie),-3.0
(,"- When the local sheriff is killed),-3.0
(,"<br /><br />Cheap-looking and ugly),-3.0
(,"A bad rip-off attempt on ""Seven""),-3.0
(,"A terminally dull mystery-thriller),-2.0
(,"An insult to both poker and cinema),-2.0
(,"As hard as it is for me to believe),-1.0
(,"Based on an actual mining disaster),-2.0
(,"Cruel Intentions 2 is bloody awful),-3.0
(,"I can imagine why he'd want to die),-1.0
(,"I have seen poor movies in my time),-2.0
(,"I have seen some pretty bad movies),-1.0
(,"I must admit that at the beginning),-1.0
(,"I thought this movie would be dumb),-3.0
(,"I was expecting this movie to suck),-3.0
(,"I won't bore you with any synopsis),-2.0
(,"In a lonely road in Cape Girardeau),-2.0
(,"It's sort of hard for me to say it),-1.0
(,"Some critics found this film bleak),-2.0
(,"Spanish horrors are not bad at all),-3.0
(,"This film is worse than Cat People),-3.0
(,"This is a difficult movie to watch),-1.0
(,"This is one of the most irritating),-3.0
(,"This is possibly the worst fencing),-3.0
(,"This movie is just funny. mindless),-2.0
(,"This was one of the most dishonest),-2.0
(,"Unremittingly bleak and depressing),-2.0
(,"With so many horrible spoof movies),-3.0
(,"""Giant"" is one of the most boring),-3.0
(,"After spending five years in prison),-2.0
(,"Aksar is an awful movie. The script),-3.0
(,"Attack Force has a horrendous title),-3.0
(,"Everything about this movie was bad),-3.0
(,"From the crash of the opening theme),-2.0
(,"Horrible waste of time - bad acting),-2.0
(,"I couldn't stop watching this movie),-1.0
(,"I hate to throw out lines like this),-0.5
(,"I know my summary sounds very harsh),-2.0
(,"I missed the beginning of this film),-2.0
(,"I remember reading all the horrible),-3.0
(,"I swear when I first saw this movie),-2.0
(,"If Fassbinder has made a worse film),-3.0
(,"It is hard to describe Bug in words),-1.0
(,"Ivan (Valeri Nikolayev) is a bitter),-2.0
(,"Multiply named and strangely casted),-1.0
(,"Not ""confusing"" in the sense that),-2.0
(,"Not that I dislike childrens movies),-2.0
(,"Of the many problems with this film),-2.0
(,"Stop me if you hard this one before),-1.0
(,"The movie was actually not THAT bad),-3.0
(,"The time I wasted seeing this movie),-2.0
(,"This film centers on four criminals),-3.0
(,"This film was hard to get a hold of),-1.0
(,"This is the worst movie of all-time),-3.0
(,"This movie was so incredibly boring),-3.0
(,"This movie was so unrelentingly bad),-3.0
(,"Though not a complete waste of time),-1.0
(,"What a waste of talent. A very poor),-1.5
(,"i paid $2.00 for this piece of crap),-3.0
(,"i think that new york is a big fake),-1.0
(,"imagine if you took the Christ myth),-1.0
(,"A prison cell.Four prisoners-Carrere),-2.0
(,"After the atomic bomb hits Hiroshima),-1.0
(,"Following the appalling Attack Force),-2.0
(,"I can't knock this film too terribly),-3.0
(,"I found this movie quite by accident),-2.0
(,"I hate to sound like an 'old person'),-0.5
(,"I have to say this is an awful movie),-3.0
(,"I should have listened. I was warned),-2.0
(,"I strongly dislike this show. I mean),-2.0
(,"I suck at gratuitous Boob references),-3.0
(,"I thought it was weird and just gory),-2.0
(,"I was really stunned how much a film),-2.0
(,"I'm not bothered by the sleazy hosts),-2.0
(,"If you thought NBC's 10.5 was stupid),-2.0
(,"Jack-O (1995) was a really bad movie),-3.0
(,"Kind of a guilty indulgence nowadays),-3.0
(,"Normally I try to avoid Barbie films),-1.0
(,"Steven Seagal has made a really dull),-2.0
(,"Sure I've seen bad movies in my life),-3.0
(,"Thankfully I watched this film alone),-2.0
(,"The movie was a long awaited release),-1.0
(,"The problems with this film are many),-2.0
(,"This Book-based movie is truly awful),-3.0
(,"This guy has no idea of cinema. Okay),-1.0
(,"This has to one of the most pathetic),-2.0
(,"This is the worst italian movie ever),-3.0
(,"This movie is a bizarre fantasy tale),-2.0
(,"This movie is an utter waste of time),-1.0
(,"What a boring film! To sum it all up),-3.0
(,"What an awful movie. Full of cliches),-3.0
(,"the town of Royston Vasey is a weird),-2.0
(,"<br /><br />Filmed just after the war),-2.0
(,"A shame that even a talented director),-2.0
(,"A terrible amateur movie director (no),-2.0
(,"Actually this movie has silly moments),-1.0
(,"After two terrorist attacks in Europe),-1.0
(,"Although I'm not crazy about musicals),-2.0
(,"Beaudray Demerille(a weak Peter Fonda),-2.0
(,"Don't waste your time. The plot drags),-1.0
(,"Due to rather dubious plate tectonics),-2.0
(,"Even though there are no new episodes),-1.0
(,"Genre: Cartoon short with no dialogue),-1.0
(,"Heavily re-edited and often confusing),-2.0
(,"Highly politically charged drama that),-3.0
(,"I don't want to go off on a rant here),-1.0
(,"I happened upon this film by accident),-2.0
(,"I have a high tolerance for the weird),-2.0
(,"I may have seen worse films than this),-3.0
(,"I was completely bored with this film),-2.0
(,"If you want to see how to ruin a film),-0.5
(,"In most parts a lethally dull venture),-2.0
(,"Is Thursday an original film? Heck no),-1.0
(,"It's hard to use words for this movie),-1.0
(,"Looking at some of the negative posts),-2.0
(,"Many accuse Rod Steiger of overacting),-2.0
(,"Psycho criminal pure by Carl Schenkel),-3.0
(,"Spoilers!!<br /><br />I hate this one),-3.0
(,"Superb comic farce from Paul Mazursky),-1.0
(,"THE GOVERNESS is a moody period piece),-1.0
(,"The planning episodes were a bit dull),-2.0
(,"This is a forgotten classic of a film),-1.0
(,"This is easily the most disappointing),-2.0
(,"This is quite a bad movie but oh well),-3.0
(,"This movie goes beyond just being bad),-3.0
(,"This movie is just downright horrible),-3.0
(,"This movie was disaster at Box Office),-2.0
(,"This movie was like a bad train wreck),-1.0
(,"This must be one of the most annoying),-2.0
(,"This was pretty bad - from bad acting),-1.6666666666666667
(,"While escaping from a heist of a bank),-1.0
(,"forget the over-rated ""Batman Begins),-1.0
(,"i hate vampire movies. with that said),-3.0
(,"After another raid in an empty village),-1.0
(,"After the death of all senior officers),-2.0
(,"Caddyshack 2 has a dreadful reputation),-3.0
(,"Excellent film. I cried when she cried),-2.0
(,"I don't understand. Not being a critic),-2.0
(,"I have a high tolerance level for crap),-3.0
(,"I have a severe problem with this show),-2.0
(,"I was stunned by this film. Afterwards),-2.0
(,"I will admit that this movie was awful),-2.0
(,"I'm afraid this one is pretty dreadful),-1.3333333333333333
(,"If you're tired by the same repetitive),-2.0
(,"In order for a thriller to elicit fear),-2.0
(,"Inglorious Basterds makes no apologies),-1.0
(,"L'Homme Blesse is not for an impatient),-2.0
(,"Nut case is murdering college students),-3.0
(,"Probably the worst film I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"Spoilers: This movie has it's problems),-2.0
(,"Stay the hell away from this one... No),-4.0
(,"Steven Segal has done some awful films),-3.0
(,"Sure this movie wasn't like. 16 blocks),-1.0
(,"The film has weird annoying characters),-2.0
(,"The movie seems disjointed and overall),-2.0
(,"The problem with family dramas is that),-2.0
(,"The whole town of Blackstone is afraid),-2.0
(,"There is no way to describe how really),-1.0
(,"This film tackles the subjects of loss),-3.0
(,"This is the worst movie I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"This might be the worst film ever made),-3.0
(,"This movie is more deceiving than ever),-3.0
(,"This movie was extremely disappointing),-2.0
(,"This show made me feel physically sick),-2.0
(,"This was a very thought provoking film),-1.0
(,"This was probably the worst movie ever),-3.0
(,"This would have to be one of the worst),-3.0
(,"Unfortunately House of D is just awful),-3.0
(,"Visually disjointed and full of itself),-2.0
(,"What a dreadful movie! For some reason),-3.0
(,"Where do I begin? The story was so bad),-3.0
(,"With the death of her infirmed husband),-2.0
(,"With these people faking so many shots),-3.0
(,"the acting itself wasn't even that bad),-3.0
(,"""Unhinged"" is one strange little film),-1.0
(,"Absolutely the worst film yet by Burton),-3.0
(,"As a psychiatrist specialized in trauma),-3.0
(,"As many of today's movies are guilty of),-3.0
(,"At one point in this waste of celluloid),-1.0
(,"Even a awful 1 is to much for this film),-3.0
(,"For anyone who has trouble with naughty),-2.0
(,"Hmmmm. I'm kinda at a loss here. I mean),-3.0
(,"I don't expect a lot from ghost stories),-1.0
(,"I doubt Jigsaw was hip even at the time),-1.0
(,"I just sat in the theater bored as hell),-3.0
(,"I missed almost all of the first season),-2.0
(,"I normally am a glutton for poor movies),-2.0
(,"I saw this film yesterday. I must admit),-1.0
(,"I watched this film sort of by accident),-2.0
(,"In post civil war America the President),-2.0
(,"It's along the line of comedy of errors),-0.5
(,"Jim Belushi is having a mid life crisis),-3.0
(,"Let me get the bad out of the way first),-3.0
(,"One of the worst romantic comedies (nay),-3.0
(,"Originally I wrote what was a sarcastic),-2.0
(,"Robert Altman's ""Quintet"" is a dreary),-2.0
(,"Saw this as previous viewer by accident),-2.0
(,"Sensitive film does lack brilliance and),-2.0
(,"Some ugly weirdo who had three families),-3.0
(,"Spreading panic from Broadway to Bombay),-3.0
(,"There's a brand new killer on the loose),-3.0
(,"This film has a decidedly weird setting),-2.0
(,"This film is really bad. It maybe harsh),-2.0
(,"This is a terrible remake of a marginal),-3.0
(,"This is indeed a spectacularly bad film),-3.0
(,"This is the worst film I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This movie is a mystery. It's not scary),-2.0
(,"This movie is not only a very bad movie),-3.0
(,"This movie isn't very good. It's boring),-3.0
(,"This movie struck home for me. Being 29),-1.0
(,"This was the worst movie I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"Way to go ace! You just made a chilling),-1.0
(,"What the hell is this movie about? Well),-4.0
(,"one of the worst films I have EVER seen),-3.0
(,"""Twelve Monkeys"" is odd and disturbing),-2.0
(,"******Spoilers within******* What a dull),-2.0
(,"A patient escapes from a mental hospital),-1.0
(,"A terrible deception: controversial film),-2.5
(,"A terrible storyline (Amis at his worst)),-3.0
(,"After nearly getting killed by a big dog),-1.0
(,"And one of 'em are bad movies. The title),-3.0
(,"Avoid this crap at all costs. Bad script),-3.0
(,"Besides the fact that this guy is a liar),-3.0
(,"Don't be fooled by the silly title folks),-1.0
(,"Fidois a very odd film. And in many ways),-2.0
(,"Following their daughter's brutal murder),-2.0
(,"Hell to Pay is a bit bloody for my taste),-3.0
(,"I couldn't believe how bad this film was),-3.0
(,"I have no idea how a Texan (the director),-1.0
(,"I realize why people hate this film. And),-3.0
(,"I rented this movie expecting it to suck),-3.0
(,"I started to watch this show by accident),-2.0
(,"I went to see suspecting I would hate it),-2.0
(,"If any movie ever made Italians look bad),-3.0
(,"Maybe I've seen one too many crime flick),-3.0
(,"Mislead by the terrible lie on the cover),-3.0
(,"Superhero movies pretty much always suck),-1.0
(,"This IS the worst movie I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This is one strange hacked together film),-1.0
(,"This is the worst movie I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This movie has no plot and no focus. Yes),-1.0
(,"This movie is just horrible. It's boring),-3.0
(,"This movie may seem scary on commercials),-2.0
(,"What a sad sight these TV stalwarts make),-2.0
(,"What do you get when you have bad acting),-3.0
(,"When a loser teen is bitten by an insect),-3.0
(,"While killing time on a Saturday morning),-3.0
(,"`AfterLife' is about a somewhat arrogant),-2.0
(,"i had no idea what this movies was about),-1.0
(,"probably the worst creature feature ever),-3.0
(,"A fine young cast is wasted in this empty),-0.3333333333333333
(,"A series of shorts spoofing dumb TV shows),-3.0
(,"But it's not. The plot isn't all that bad),-3.0
(,"During the final throes of the Vitnam war),-2.0
(,"First of all I hate those moronic rappers),-3.0
(,"From what critics and audiences indicated),-2.0
(,"Getting lost in space frozen for 15 years),-3.0
(,"Hmmm! is it worst film ever? well sort of),-3.0
(,"I found this to be an utter waste of time),-1.0
(,"I had a vague idea of who Bettie Page was),-2.0
(,"I hate over-long over-talky French movies),-3.0
(,"I hated the book. A guy meets a smart dog),-1.0
(,"I have just seen Today You Die. It is bad),-3.0
(,"I have no idea how to describe this movie),-1.0
(,"I'll give it this: I didn't stop watching),-1.0
(,"If you find yourself in need of an escape),-1.0
(,"If you're looking for a typical war movie),-2.0
(,"Is this a bad movie?<br /><br />Of course),-3.0
(,"Its a shame she didn't get screen credit ),-2.0
(,"Just awful. It's almost unbelievable that),-1.0
(,"Like a relative that gives you a bad gift),-0.5
(,"Not only does this movie have a poor plot),-2.0
(,"Now this film isn't going to scare anyone),-2.0
(,"Savage Guns (video title) is a dirt cheap),-2.0
(,"The John Goodman program was pretty awful),-1.0
(,"The killings in this movie isn't that bad),-3.0
(,"This film Oh my god this film is so poor ),-0.5
(,"This film is awful. The screenplay is bad),-3.0
(,"This is a hard movie to come by in the US),-1.0
(,"This is a terrible production of Bartleby),-3.0
(,"This is basically just a dumb chase story),-3.0
(,"This is not an all-around terrible comedy),-1.0
(,"This isn't the worst movie I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"This may not be the worst movie ever made),-3.0
(,"This movie is a rather odd mix of musical),-2.0
(,"This movie is by far the worst movie ever),-3.0
(,"This was touted as a sequel to Crash Dive),-2.0
(,"Two college buddies - one an uptight nerd),-2.0
(,"What a terrible movie. The acting was bad),-3.0
(,"What of Domino did I hate over everything),-3.0
(,"When viewing a movie as silly as 'Hot Rod),-1.0
(,"Whew! What can one say about this bizarre),-2.0
(,"it's all very simple. Jake goes to prison),-2.0
(,"""The Mother"" is a weird low-budget movie),-2.0
(,"""They were always trying to get me killed),-3.0
(,"A plot that is dumb beyond belief. However),-3.0
(,"A sick man Carleton Hendricks (Dee Snider)),-2.0
(,"A snore gore. I saw this piece of horrible),-3.0
(,"Actually I'll admit I'm a political junkie),-1.0
(,"Although the plot was a bit sappy at times),-1.0
(,"Another demonstration of Kurosawa's genius),-1.0
(,"Certainly not a bad little low budget film),-3.0
(,"For all losers who gave it negative review),-2.0
(,"For those that might send me nasty e-mails),-3.0
(,"I considered myself to be quite melancholy),-2.0
(,"I hate guns and have never murdered anyone),-3.0
(,"I went to the cinema slightly apprehensive),-2.0
(,"I will not vote this movie as an awful one),-3.0
(,"I won't bore you with story and plot lines),-2.0
(,"If I had to pick the most depressing movie),-2.0
(,"If this film strikes you (as it did us and),-1.0
(,"If you thought ""ROSEMARY'S BABY"" was bad),-3.0
(,"In a movie that follows a struggling actor),-2.0
(,"It is an extremely difficult film to watch),-1.0
(,"No matter how much it hurts me to say this),-0.5
(,"Not as bad as some are making it out to be),-3.0
(,"Probably one of the worst movies ever made),-3.0
(,"Robert Wagner is the evil boss of Digicron),-3.0
(,"The three main characters are all hopeless),-2.0
(,"This film does not fail to engage and move),-0.5
(,"This film is a twisted nonsense of a movie),-2.0
(,"This film was embarrassing in its clichés),-2.0
(,"This guy is a real piece of work. An angry),-3.0
(,"This may have been made for the hell of it),-4.0
(,"This movie is very difficult to understand),-1.0
(,"This year's Royal Rumble wasn't really bad),-3.0
(,"Ultra-grim crime drama from Pou-Soi Cheang),-3.0
(,"We have given this film one star for awful),-3.0
(,"What an appalling film. Don't get me wrong),-2.0
(,"When I learned of Sir Alec Guinness' death),-2.0
(,"When you are in a gloomy or depressed mood),-2.0
(,"1931 also presented ""an American tragedy""),-2.0
(,"A frustrating documentary. Louis Kahn's son),-2.0
(,"A real insult to the original ""Spoorloos""),-2.0
(,"Actually had to stop it. Don't get me wrong),-1.5
(,"After the mysterious death of an old friend),-2.0
(,"An annoying experience. Improvised dialogue),-2.0
(,"At a risk of sounding slightly sacrilegious),-2.0
(,"Contain spoilers! These guys are total scam),-2.0
(,"Don't let the name of this film deceive you),-3.0
(,"Dreyfuss plays a mob boss who lost his mind),-3.0
(,"I generally find Loretta Young hard to take),-1.0
(,"I started watching this expecting the worst),-3.0
(,"In yet another case of misleading marketing),-3.0
(,"Its difficult to be too tough on Brad Sykes),-1.0
(,"Jeff Fahey has such alert eyes and a smudgy),-1.0
(,"Offering a killer combo of terrible writing),-3.0
(,"One of the worst movies I've ever seen. Yes),-3.0
(,"Roger Spottiswoode isn't the worst director),-3.0
(,"Ron Hall pulls a triple threat as he writes),-2.0
(,"Some war movies succeed where others do not),-2.0
(,"TART is the worst movie I've seen this year),-3.0
(,"The story of a woman (Ann) on her death bed),-2.0
(,"The things that I find irritating on screen),-3.0
(,"The worst part of all is the poor scripting),-2.5
(,"There are no saving graces in this dreadful),-2.0
(,"There is only one problem with this website),-2.0
(,"This film might have weak production values),-2.0
(,"This is the epitome of bad 80's film-making),-3.0
(,"This movie describes a truly horrific event),-3.0
(,"This movie has problems in its presentation),-2.0
(,"This movie has to be the worst film of 2007),-3.0
(,"This production is an insult to the Stooges),-2.0
(,"This show is perhaps one of the most boring),-3.0
(,"This was just horrible the plot was just OK),-3.0
(,"This was not the worst movie I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"This weird movie from Texas is about Fallon),-2.0
(,"Twelve Monkeys is an insane time-travelling),-2.0
(,"We all know that the world is full of dodgy),-2.0
(,"""Envy"" is bad for a number of reasons. Yes),-3.0
(,"""Shade"" tries hard to be another ""Sting""),-1.0
(,"Another tiresome bore from Anthony Minghella),-2.0
(,"As a movie critic for several Dutch websites),-2.0
(,"As if the storyline wasn't depressing enough),-2.0
(,"Contrary to what those who hate Christianity),-3.0
(,"Endless repetition about the evil World Bank),-3.0
(,"Even the trailer for this movie makes me cry),-1.0
(,"I happened upon this flick on a rainy Sunday),-1.0
(,"I personally found this movie to be terrible),-3.0
(,"I was literally preparing to hate this movie),-3.0
(,"I'm sick of people whining about Ewoks! True),-2.0
(,"I've seen a few bad action movies in my days),-3.0
(,"It is one of the worst movies i've ever seen),-3.0
(,"It's hard to believe a movie can be this bad),-2.0
(,"Jean Rollin artistic nonsense about vampires),-2.0
(,"Just about everything in this movie is wrong),-2.0
(,"Kon Ichikawa had lived through world war two),-2.0
(,"Kristine Watts (Molie Weeks) is broken apart),-1.0
(,"Life's going not to badly for Harry Mitchell),-3.0
(,"Oh dear god. This was horrible. There is bad),-0.5
(,"Perhaps the biggest waste of production time),-1.0
(,"Please Don't hate me but i have to be honest),-0.5
(,"Really a terrible movie. It's to be expected),-3.0
(,"Skip McCoy is a three time loser pick pocket),-3.0
(,"So forgive the *really* lame game-play scene),-0.5
(,"That might be a bit harsh for me saying that),-2.0
(,"The Grudge 2...Let's see. Don't get me wrong),-2.0
(,"This is NOT as bad a movie as some reviewers),-3.0
(,"This is a bad movie in the traditional sense),-3.0
(,"This is a movie that will leave you thinking),-1.0
(,"This is by far the worst British comedy ever),-1.0
(,"This is by far the worst ever 'horror' movie),-3.0
(,"This is the one major problem with this film),-2.0
(,"This is the worst war movie I have ever seen),-2.5
(,"This may not be the worst comedy of all time),-1.0
(,"This movie contains real animals been killed),-3.0
(,"This movie was terrible. The acting was lame),-2.0
(,"This was a horrible film! I gave it 2 Points),-3.0
(,"Two sorcerers battle in the fourth dimension),-1.0
(,"What a dreadful movie. The effects were poor),-2.5
(,"When a movie shocks you with it's disturbing),-2.0
(,"With all the excessive violence in this film),-3.0
(,"seriously what the hell was this movie about),-4.0
(,"""Life stinks"" is a parody of life and death),-2.0
(,"A lot of people give this movie a lot of crap),-3.0
(,"Anyone who will pay to see Troma movies knows),-1.0
(,"Comment this movie is impossible. Is terrible),-3.0
(,"Due to a very misleading advertising campaign),-3.0
(,"Ever watched a movie that lost the plot? Well),-3.0
(,"Having avoided seeing the movie in the cinema),-1.0
(,"I also have been a wife of an abusive husband),-3.0
(,"I can't say this is the worst movie ever made),-3.0
(,"I found this movie really hard to sit through),-1.0
(,"I found this movie to be a big disappointment),-0.5
(,"I have seen a lot of stupid movies in my life),-2.0
(,"I have to admit when I went to see this movie),-1.0
(,"I know slashers are always supposed to be bad),-3.0
(,"I realize that alot of people hate this movie),-3.0
(,"I say sadly because if you see this movie now),-2.0
(,"I'm afraid I must disagree with Mr. Radcliffe),-2.0
(,"If you were to judge based on the movie alone),-2.0
(,"In the questionable comedy vein of Mel Brooks),-0.5
(,"It wasn't notable enough to be truly horrible),-3.0
(,"It's not awful but what a waste... Lousy gags),-3.0
(,"Just saw this movie on TV and I have to admit),-1.0
(,"Like a terrible cancer raining out of the sky),-2.0
(,"Luckily I did not pay to see this movie. Also),-1.0
(,"Most critics seem to have dismissed this film),-2.0
(,"People talk about how horrible the script was),-3.0
(,"The hysterical thing about this movie is that),-3.0
(,"The screenplay is the worst part of this film),-3.0
(,"There is an awful lot wrong with this picture),-2.5
(,"There is so much that is wrong with this film),-2.0
(,"This is easily the worst Presley vehicle ever),-3.0
(,"This is one of the worst films i've ever seen),-3.0
(,"This is the worst movie ever made. The acting),-3.0
(,"This move is about as bad as they come. I was),-3.0
(,"This movie ""Joshua"" is extremely disturbing),-2.0
(,"This rubber monsters failed trying to be cool),-0.5
(,"When a rich tycoon is killed in a plane crash),-1.0
(,"You know you are in trouble watching a comedy),-0.5
(,"this is horrible film. it is past dumb. first),-3.0
(,"A cheesy ""B"" crime thriller of the early '50),-3.0
(,"Although copies of this movie are hard to find),-1.0
(,"Before seeing this picture I was quite skeptic),-2.0
(,"Busy Phillips put in one hell of a performance),-4.0
(,"Even Disney are guilty of the cash cow disease),-3.0
(,"Even if Ryan wasn't such of an annoying person),-2.0
(,"Finally watched this shocking movie last night),-2.0
(,"For the sake of propaganda during World War II),-2.0
(,"I can't say this is the worst film of all time),-3.0
(,"I hate reading reviews that say something like),-0.5
(,"I hate to comment on something I didn't finish),-3.0
(,"I hated this movie. It was absolutely horrible),-3.0
(,"I rarely write a negative review for this site),-2.0
(,"I was dreading taking my nephews to this movie),-2.0
(,"I was fairly lost throughout most of this film),-3.0
(,"I've read some terrible things about this film),-3.0
(,"I've seen a lot of stupid plotlines in my time),-2.0
(,"It's rare that I come across a film this awful),-3.0
(,"Just kidding about the weight loss thing; well),-3.0
(,"Like other movies from the worst director ever),-3.0
(,"Not only did they get the characters all wrong),-2.0
(,"One of several musicals about sailors on leave),-1.0
(,"One of the worst theatrical movies of the year),-3.0
(,"Put aside a Dr. House repeat that I had missed),-2.0
(,"Released some months before the end of the war),-2.0
(,"Sentimental and naive but undeniably affecting),-2.0
(,"Songwriter Robert Taylor (as Terry) is ""dizzy),-1.0
(,"The acting is some of the worst I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"The cast is OK. The script is awkward at times),-2.0
(,"The problem with the film is quite simply this),-2.0
(,"There are a number of problems with this movie),-2.0
(,"There is no way to put into words just how bad),-2.0
(,"This Cannon Movie Tale is the worst of the lot),-3.0
(,"This is a weird and compelling film. The topic),-2.0
(,"This is the version that even the author hated),-3.0
(,"This is the worst movie I've ever seen. Boring),-3.0
(,"This isn't ""so bad it's good""--It's ""so bad),-1.0
(,"This movie surprised me. The box is misleading),-3.0
(,"This movie was one of the worst I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"This one is a cut above the usual softcore T&A),-1.0
(,"This short is a puzzlement. Words fail me here),-2.0
(,"To keep from being bored during ""Love and Sex),-2.0
(,"When robot hordes start attacking major cities),-1.0
(,"With the badly injured Tony in an induced coma),-2.5
(,"the fact that there was so much fuss is ironic),-1.0
(,"there are three kinds of bad films - the cheap),-3.0
(,"A bad movie ABOUT a bad movie. Is that original),-3.0
(,"After I couldn't ignore the hype about the show),-1.0
(,"After reading some of the earlier nasty remarks),-3.0
(,"As I sat subjected to this televised mediocrity),-3.0
(,"Don't listen to fuddy-duddy critics on this one),-2.0
(,"I had no idea that Mr. Izzard was so damn funny),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I hate this movie! It was NOTHING like the book),-0.5
(,"I really wish i could give this a negative vote),-0.5
(,"I saw the movie yesterday and was shocked by it),-2.0
(,"I'm starting to think that there's a conspiracy),-3.0
(,"In A Woman Under the Influence Mabel goes crazy),-2.0
(,"Let's cut to the chase: If you're a baby-boomer),-1.0
(,"Serendipity. I thought I was off to a bad start),-3.0
(,"Should you wish to see the worst film ever made),-1.0
(,"THE DEADLY MANTIS certainly won't scare any one),-2.0
(,"The film of Artemisia may be considered treason),-3.0
(,"This bomb is just one 'explosion' after another),-1.0
(,"This crime thriller is sort of like a film noir),-0.5
(,"This documentary was very thorough and exposing),-1.0
(,"This is indeed quite the strange movie... First),-1.0
(,"This is possibly the worst movie i've ever seen),-3.0
(,"This is what happens when a franchise gets lazy),-1.0
(,"This movie is ""the"" stupid comedy of the year),-0.5
(,"This movie is trash-poor. It has horrible taste),-3.0
(,"This movie was so bad and so cheap and so corny),-3.0
(,"This show makes absolutely no sense. Every week),-1.0
(,"This was a pathetic movie. The Alien was decent),-2.0
(,"What a cast...and what a waste of it. Seriously),-1.0
(,"What a terrible film.<br /><br />It starts well),-3.0
(,"What the hell of a D-Movie was that? Bad acting),-4.0
(,"While babysitting at an isolated Colorado house),-1.0
(,"With 'Twelve Monkeys' you need to pay attention),-1.0
(,"With no affinity towards any type of filmmaking),-1.0
(,"Yet another film about a tortured self-centered),-4.0
(,"""I hate those stories that begin with a funeral),-2.0
(,"A critical and financial flop when first release),-2.0
(,"After reading the terrible reviews of this movie),-3.0
(,"Another cult strikes again. This isn't a spoiler),-1.0
(,"As one of the victims of the whole Enron scandal),-3.0
(,"Don't worry when looking at the cover of the DVD),-3.0
(,"Following a 19th century gun dual that goes awry),-1.0
(,"I HATE plane crash movies...ALL of them! In fact),-2.0
(,"I agree with most of the critics above. More yet),-0.5
(,"I didn't think the French could make a bad movie),-3.0
(,"I don't doubt that the critics panned this movie),-1.5
(,"I don't understand why everyone hates this movie),-3.0
(,"I have no idea what the budget on this movie was),-1.0
(,"I refused to watch this when it originally aired),-2.0
(,"I rented this film to see what might be a bloody),-3.0
(,"I'm not going to say that this movie is horrible),-3.0
(,"I'm sorry to say that there isn't really any way),-1.0
(,"If you fast forward through the horrible singing),-3.0
(,"If you wish to have a truly traumatic experience),-1.0
(,"Jewel Thief is *THE* crime thriller of Bollywood),-3.0
(,"Man with the Screaming Brain is a story of greed),-3.0
(,"Not only was he invariably annoying to listen to),-2.0
(,"Over the GW is a near failure of a debut feature),-2.0
(,"Overall an extremely disappointing picture. Very),-2.0
(,"Sheesh! What a dreadful movie. Dodgy camera work),-3.0
(,"Significant Spoilers! <br /><br />This is a sick),-2.0
(,"The plot line of No One Sleeps is not a bad idea),-3.0
(,"This has no relationship to Virtual Encounters 1),-1.0
(,"This is a masterpiece. 'The Big Snit' is a crazy),-2.0
(,"This is arguably the worst film I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This is perhaps the worst movie I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This movie could be a bit boring for some people),-3.0
(,"This movie had potential. The script was not bad),-3.0
(,"This movie is a complete and utter waste of time),-1.0
(,"This movie is so bad it's almost good. Bad story),-3.0
(,"This video nasty was initially banned in Britain),-2.5
(,"With the war not going well for the Soviet Union),-2.0
(,"i guess its possible that I've seen worse movies),-3.0
(,"""Seed"" is torture porn...no doubt about it. But),-2.5
(,"*Minor Spoiler* <br /><br />Inhabited isn't scary),-2.0
(,"*Sigh* Leave it to us Finns to take a stupid idea),-2.0
(,"A dreary and pointless bit of fluff (bloody fluff),-2.5
(,"A very disappointing film from Oliver Stone which),-2.0
(,"Absolutely horrible movie. Not a bad plot concept),-3.0
(,"Although my exposure to world cultures is limited),-1.0
(,"Despite a totally misleading advertising campaign),-3.0
(,"Don't waste your time on this dreck. As portrayed),-1.0
(,"Even though this was a disaster in the box office),-2.0
(,"From Kreestos: <br /><br />The dialog is terrible),-3.0
(,"Good performances can't save this terrible script),-0.5
(,"I actually flipped to Lifetime channel by mistake),-2.0
(,"I had to give this film a 1 because it's that bad),-3.0
(,"I have watched some pretty poor films in the past),-0.5
(,"I somehow failed for a few years to see this film),-2.0
(,"I've seen this film criticized with the statement),-2.0
(,"If a copy of this movie fell into the wrong hands),-2.0
(,"Is this movie as bad as some claim? In my opinion),-3.0
(,"Its perhaps unfair of me to comment on this film ),-2.0
(,"Okay.. this wasn't the worst movie I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"Really bad shot on video ""film"" made by not one),-3.0
(,"Seeing all of the negative reviews for this movie),-2.0
(,"Sequels have a nasty habit of being disappointing),-2.5
(,"Some people think this was a rather bad TV series),-3.0
(,"Thanks for killing the franchise with this turkey),-3.0
(,"The cover of the VHS says it all: ""Without doubt),-1.0
(,"The summary is only for those who hate this movie),-3.0
(,"The title refers not to a questionable poker hand),-2.0
(,"This film would be considered controversial today),-2.0
(,"This is a horrible little film--and unfortunately),-3.0
(,"This is a very bad movie. I laughed once or twice),-1.0
(,"This is meant to be a comedy but mainly bad taste),-1.0
(,"This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This movie is filled with so many idiotic moments),-3.0
(,"This movie was so bad I don't know where to begin),-3.0
(,"This movie will confuse you to death. Furthermore),-2.0
(,"Though often considered Peter Sellers' worst film),-3.0
(,"Todd Rohal is a mad genius. ""Knuckleface Jones""),-3.0
(,"When a small town is threatened by a child killer),-2.0
(,"While not as bad as his game-to-movie adaptations),-3.0
(,"Who really wants to see that? Disgusting violence),-3.0
(,"this movie was banned in england? why? tom savini),-2.0
(,"ya know the concept of ""guilty pleasures""? yeah),-1.0
(,"- After their sons are sentenced to life in prison),-2.0
(,"AVP2 is an awful movie. The dialogue was pointless),-3.0
(,"About 20 minutes into this lame excuse for a movie),-1.5
(,"After losing his cattle herd to a dishonest lawman),-2.5
(,"After the already disappointing ""Final Conflict""),-2.0
(,"Britain and France declared war on Germany in 1939),-2.0
(,"Despite the lack of logic present in the storyline),-2.0
(,"Dominion Tank Police is without a shell of a doubt),-1.0
(,"Don't waste 90 minutes of your time on ""Fast Food),-1.0
(,"Even though I tried to avoid German films recently),-1.0
(,"I admit I go more for the traditional vampire tale),-1.0
(,"I am sick of series with young and clueless people),-2.0
(,"I don't care how many bad reviews purple rain gets),-0.5
(,"I have not seen many low budget films i must admit),-1.0
(,"I once lived with a roommate who attempted suicide),-2.0
(,"I really hate this show! I had watched one episode),-3.0
(,"I will admit my ignorance of this film's existence),-1.5
(,"I'll admit I've only watched a handful of episodes),-1.0
(,"In Michele Soavi's confusing art-house zombie film),-2.0
(,"Is this the ""worse"" Star Trek TOS episode? Maybe),-3.0
(,"It's a shame that by garnering a restricted rating),-2.0
(,"Pierce Brosnan the newest but no longer James Bond),-1.0
(,"Recently I borrowed a copy of this mess of a movie),-2.0
(,"Terrible use of scene cuts. All continuity is lost),-3.0
(,"That's not just my considered verdict on this film),-1.0
(,"The main problem I see with this film is its score),-2.0
(,"The writers probably had no experience in the army),-1.0
(,"There are moments in the film that are so dreadful),-3.0
(,"There's no other word for it...Fox dumped this out),-1.5
(,"There's so many negative reviews about ""Stay away),-2.0
(,"This fake documentary is flawed on a lot of points),-3.0
(,"This film tries very hard to be an ""action"" film),-1.0
(,"This is a very strange HK film in many ways. First),-1.0
(,"This is really a very bad movie. Why? First of all),-3.0
(,"This is seriously the worst movie I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This movie was a major disappointment on direction),-2.0
(,"This movie was terrible not only was the plot weak),-2.5
(,"Two Hands is a highly enjoyable Aussie crime caper),-3.0
(,"Utterly pretentious nonsense. The material is dull),-2.0
(,"What a despairing film. Dress actors in furry rags),-3.0
(,"Wow! I truly regret watching this picture... Funny),-2.0
(,"Wow. I have seen some really bad movies in my time),-3.0
(,"You know the story..Pretty kids alone in the woods),-2.0
(,"and this IS a very disturbing film. I may be wrong),-2.0
(,"i was surprised after watching this piece of crap ),-3.0
(,"""Beowulf"" is like a very bad game : no characters),-0.6666666666666666
(,"...This would be the worst film i'd ever seen. Hmmm),-3.0
(,"After ""Central City"" loses its mob boss to murder),-2.0
(,"After World War II the ungoing crime in Phenix City),-3.0
(,"After a summer full of retreads and disappointments),-2.0
(,"After his widower father dies in a horsing accident),-2.0
(,"All that talent.....but when ya have poor direction),-2.0
(,"Almost no information is available about this movie),-1.0
(,"An old saying goes ""If you think you have problems),-2.0
(,"Barely came trough the whole movie... Acting is bad),-3.0
(,"Bug Juice changed my life. I Know it sounds strange),-1.0
(,"GINGKO BED is a strange movie. It's very convoluted),-1.0
(,"I can understand how Barney can be annoying to some),-2.0
(,"I have an awful pan-and-scan videotape of ""Boom!""),-3.0
(,"I saw this movie while it was under limited release),-1.0
(,"I usually have a difficult time watching a TV movie),-1.0
(,"I watched this movie knowing that it would be awful),-3.0
(,"I'm not sure it was the language or the poor acting),-2.0
(,"I've had never been disappointed by a Kurosawa film),-2.0
(,"I've lost count of the times I have seen this movie),-3.0
(,"In its depiction of a miserable Milanese underclass),-3.0
(,"Is this the future that awaits us? An overpopulated),-1.0
(,"It just seems bizarre that someone read this script),-2.0
(,"It stars war correspondent William Holden separated),-2.0
(,"It's dreadful rubbish. I liked 'How Do You Want Me'),-0.5
(,"Jordan takes us into the seedy crime side of Sydney),-3.0
(,"Let's be fair: there are no RULES for scriptwriting),-1.0
(,"My comment is limited generally to the first season),-1.0
(,"Pretty disappointing prequel to the first two films),-2.0
(,"Princess Tam Tam is without the trappings of racism),-3.0
(,"Seeing Laurel without Hardy in a film seems strange),-1.0
(,"Stewart's age didn't bother me at all in this movie),-2.0
(,"THE MELTING MAN...a tragic victim of the space race),-2.5
(,"The first time you watch this movie you may hate it),-3.0
(,"The whole world is falling prey to a lethal disease),-1.0
(,"There is no doubt that during the decade of the 30s),-1.0
(,"This film is a very funny film. The violence is bad),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is one of the most awful movies I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies i have seen to date),-3.0
(,"This must be one of the worst movies I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"This story focuses on the birth defect known as FAS),-3.0
(,"This was an awful movie! Not for the subject matter),-1.0
(,"This wasn't the major disaster that I was expecting),-2.0
(,"Unless there's some huge ironic conspiracy going on),-1.0
(,"Unless you are petrified of Russian people or boars),-2.0
(,"What is interesting is that the acting; was not bad),-0.5
(,"When a film has no fewer than FIVE different titles),-1.0
(,"When this first came out 6 months after the tragedy),-2.0
(,"Yikes did this movie blow. The characters were weak),-2.0
(,"""Fungicide"" is quite possibly the most incompetent),-2.0
(,"""October Sky"" is a film that will steal your heart),-2.0
(,"A rather disappointing film. The club scenes were ok),-2.0
(,"A rating of ""1"" does not begin to express how dull),-2.0
(,"After the failure of ""Hellraiser III: Hell On Earth),-2.0
(,"Are you kidding me? This is quite possibly the worst),-3.0
(,"DANGER: Watch for falling spoilers...<br /><br />Boy),-1.0
(,"Dr. Markoff is a mad scientist who is experimenting ),-3.0
(,"Dull one-note characters with next to no development),-1.0
(,"For a film with so much promise it was disappointing),-0.5
(,"Four Eyed Monsters follows the relationship of a shy),-1.0
(,"Funny that I find myself forced to review this movie),-1.0
(,"I don't see that much wrong with this movie. Granted),-2.0
(,"I knew it was going to be awful but not this awful!!),-3.0
(,"I make a point out of watching bad movies frequently),-3.0
(,"I make just one apology for this film: there are far),-1.0
(,"I thought this movie had absolutely no moral. I mean),-1.0
(,"I want so badly to give this piece of GARBAGE a zero),-1.0
(,"I wasn't expecting much because of the harsh reviews),-2.0
(,"If you want a horrible interpretation of ""MacBeth""),-1.0
(,"It is a pity that you cannot vote zero stars on IMDb),-2.0
(,"It is difficult to compete against classic greatness),-1.0
(,"It is hard to know what category to put this film in),-1.0
(,"It was a bit bizarre and evil and i enjoyed it a lot),-2.5
(,"Movies just don't get worse than this. Horrible plot),-3.0
(,"One of the worst movies I've seen shoddy camera work),-3.0
(,"River Queen's sound recordist should have been fired),-2.0
(,"Scary Movie 2 is definitely the worst of the 4 films),-3.0
(,"The opening was a steal from ""Eight-legged Freaks""),-2.0
(,"The producers made a big mistake casting Mark Lester),-0.5
(,"There can be no questions of spoilers for this movie),-1.0
(,"This BBC series is excellent. I am no Paleontologist),-1.0
(,"This is a tepid docu-drama that covers no new ground),-1.0
(,"This is without a doubt one of the worst movies EVER),-2.0
(,"This movie is awful beyond belief. It's a low-budget),-3.0
(,"This movie is horrendous. Decent fight scenes or not),-1.0
(,"This movie isn't as bad as I heard. It was enjoyable),-3.0
(,"This was perhaps the worst movie I've seen in a long),-3.0
(,"This was truly dreadful! It had a terrible storyline),-3.0
(,"We've been served - a terrible film.<br /><br />Okay),-3.0
(,"While Star Trek the Motion Picture was mostly boring),-3.0
(,"With all of the violence on TV and in the local news),-3.0
(,"Wow! I have seen so many bad low budget films lately),-3.0
(,"this is the worst film I've seen in a long long time),-3.0
(,"trying hard to fit into the scary space comedy genre),-0.25
(,"waste of 1h45 this nasty little film is one to avoid),-1.6666666666666667
(,"""Bruce Almighty"" looks and sounds incredibly stupid),-2.0
(,"(spoiler) it could be the one the worst movie you see),-3.0
(,"A mock documentary about a pair of Canadian producers),-2.0
(,"After missing out on this innumerable times on TCM UK),-2.0
(,"After seeing You've Got Mail and feeling disappointed),-0.5
(,"During my struggle to stay awake during this borefest),-2.0
(,"Earth has been destroyed in a nuclear holocaust. Well),-3.0
(,"Even worse than the worst David Lynch ""confusathon""),-3.0
(,"First off there is nothing wrong with studying Daniel),-2.0
(,"I admit that the majority of this film was uninspired),-1.0
(,"I agree with many of the negative reviews posted here),-0.5
(,"I could tell this would be a bad one from the trailer),-3.0
(,"I lost my father at a very young age.So young in fact),-3.0
(,"I saw this dull waste of time on HBO's Comedy Channel),-1.5
(,"I was a kid .. crazy about Michael Jackson. His music),-2.0
(,"I was also disappointed with this movie. For starters),-2.0
(,"I was never so bored in my life. Hours of pretentious),-2.0
(,"I've seen some very terrible horror movies in my time),-3.0
(,"If it wasn't for the bad dialogues and script. I mean),-3.0
(,"If you are ever in the mood for a truly terrible film),-3.0
(,"It begins with a couple of disgusting sex-comedy gags),-3.0
(,"Or at least forceable retirement! This movie is awful),-3.0
(,"The filmmakers neglected to connect the dots--that is),-2.0
(,"The laughs are few and far between in this dull movie),-0.5
(,"This film illustrates the worst part of surviving war),-1.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies i've ever encountered),-3.0
(,"This is the biggest insult to TMNT ever. Fortunantely),-2.0
(,"This is the magnum opus from the Swedish king of crap),-3.0
(,"What a boring movie. While it did have humorous parts),-0.5
(,"While this isn't one of Miss Davies' very worst films),-3.0
(,"did anyone notice?when miss brook went skinny dipping),-2.0
(,"enjoyed the movie and efficient Confucian crime drama),-3.0
(,"terribly underrated with matt dillon and tom skerritt),-3.0
(,"that got destroyed quickly by the poor quality acting),-2.5
(,"""Mame"" is a disgrace to many things--to Lucille Ball),-2.0
(,"After reading some quite negative views for this movie),-2.0
(,"Although I recently put this on my 10 worst films list),-3.0
(,"As much as I hate to disagree with the original poster),-3.0
(,"By no means is this movie as bad as 'Perfect Stranger'),-2.0
(,"Can fake scenery ruin a picture? You wouldn't think so),-2.5
(,"Don't forget the lover on the side!! She is a 'hottie'),-1.0
(,"Eddie Murphy spends his time looking for lost children),-3.0
(,"I can't believe how bad this ""film"" is. For starters),-3.0
(,"I do admit that my review is from a 2006 point of view),-1.0
(,"I normally don't try and second guess a crime thriller),-3.0
(,"I watched the version with pathetic American over-dubs),-2.0
(,"I watched this last night on TV (HBO). I have to admit),-1.0
(,"If the myth regarding broken mirrors would be accurate),-1.0
(,"In this horrible attempt at a Blair Witch mockumentary),-3.0
(,"Maybe it's unfair to dislike a movie for what it isn't),-2.0
(,"Normally I try to avoid Sci-Fi movies as much as I can),-1.0
(,"Return to Frogtown was a hard film to track down. Well),-1.0
(,"Strangers with candy overacts in all the wrong context),-2.0
(,"The sounds in the movie were so mundane and ridiculous),-3.0
(,"There is only one racist joke in this Daffy Duck short),-0.5
(,"This could be difficult to for some people to get into),-1.0
(,"This could quite possibly be the worst movie ever made),-3.0
(,"This is a poorly written and badly directed short film),-3.0
(,"This is a total waste of money. The production is poor),-1.5
(,"This is another notorious Mexican horror film: however),-2.0
(,"This is one of the most boring movies I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This is possibly the hands down worst movie every made),-3.0
(,"This movie was the worst movie ever made on the planet),-3.0
(,"This recreation of the infamous 1959 murders in Kansas),-2.0
(,"Ulli Lommel's 1980 film 'The Boogey Man' is no classic),-1.0
(,"What a shame. What a terrible shame. The table was set),-3.0
(,"What can you say about this movie? It was not terrible),-3.0
(,"What horrible writing and acting. No personality. What),-3.0
(,"What starts out as generational conflict in this movie),-2.0
(,"Words cannot describe how horrible this movie is. Well),-3.0
(,"not really sure what to make of this movie. very weird),-2.0
(,"""The Incredible Melting Man"" is a fantastically gross),-2.0
(,"<br /><br />In the process of boring you with the wordy),-3.0
(,"<br /><br />Once I ignored some of the implausibilities),-2.0
(,"A modern scare film? Yep it is..<br /><br />The hippies),-2.0
(,"After the failure of ""The Crusades"" at the box office),-2.0
(,"As far as fake documentaries go (fakumentaries anyone?)),-3.0
(,"Childish storyline ripped off of a lame Hollywood movie),-2.0
(,"Choose your fate: The terrible tykes of the fourth form),-3.0
(,"I admit I have a weakness for alternate history stories),-1.5
(,"I am not saying that Night of the Twisters was horrible),-3.0
(,"I got to watch this one without commercial interruption),-2.0
(,"I sat through all 2 hours. I do not know what was worse),-3.0
(,"I thought ""What's New Scooby-Doo"" was pretty bad (yes),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I won't waste your time by describing the plot for this),-1.0
(,"I'll admit that I've never seen ""Waiting for Guffman""),-1.0
(,"I'm a horror/gore movie freak and this flick was so bad),-3.0
(,"If You can watch a film without worrying about the plot),-3.0
(,"Inglorious Basterds is a dark and violent comic fantasy),-3.0
(,"It seems a lot of IMDB comments on this film are biased),-2.0
(,"Linda Lovelace was the victim of a sadistic woman hater),-3.0
(,"Matt Cordell is back from the dead for a third go-round),-3.0
(,"Most American remakes of European films are pretty poor),-0.5
(,"Most predicable movie I've ever seen...extremely boring),-3.0
(,"Positively ridiculous film.<br /><br />If Doris Roberts),-3.0
(,"Some people think of Sweden in a negative way: too neat),-2.0
(,"The Crater Lake Monster is easily one of the most awful),-3.0
(,"The Kinks warned about media heroes. Outside the movies),-2.0
(,"The blame of this terrible flick lies with the director),-2.5
(,"The story idea behind THE LOST MISSILE isn't bad at all),-3.0
(,"The world now seems to be in an odd stage of downsizing),-2.0
(,"There's simply no redeeming quality about this film. OK),-1.0
(,"This film is about aging Geisha in post war Tokyo. Okin),-2.0
(,"This is by far one of the worst movies i have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This movie is pathetic not because it's poorly directed),-2.0
(,"This movie is yet another in the long line of no budget),-1.0
(,"This movie was the worst movie I've ever seen. No story),-3.0
(,"This story of the troubles caused by an over-possessive),-2.0
(,"WOW. If you think that a film can't fatigue in some way),-2.0
(,"Well-made but basically dreary low-life melodrama which),-2.0
(,"but just as entertaining and random! Love it or hate it),-0.5
(,"i honestly dont know why so many people hate this movie),-3.0
(,"it would be a shame if one has yet to watch speed racer),-2.0
(,"its too bad that no one knows anything about this movie),-2.0
(,"normally i'm not the sort to be scared by horror movies),-2.0
(,"they should make terrorists watch this video as torture),-4.0
(,"""A total waste of time"" Just throw in a few explosions),-1.0
(,"""Ninja III"" is not quite as bad as ""Enter The Ninja""),-3.0
(,"""The Ballad of the Sad Café"" worked hard at its image),-1.0
(,"After some of the negative reviews i heard on this movie),-2.0
(,"After watching this movie on a boring Saturday afternoon),-3.0
(,"Although the plot of Cover Girl is very flimsy and tired),-2.0
(,"As a producer of indie movies and a harsh critic of such),-2.0
(,"Don't mind what this socially retarded person above says),-2.0
(,"Harmony Korrine - hate him or hate him? On this evidence),-3.0
(,"Hitokiri (which translates roughly as ""assassination"")),-3.0
(,"I did not think this movie was worth anything bad script),-0.5
(,"I have just lost three hours of my life to this travesty),-2.5
(,"I have no idea how IMDb sorts reviews but I do know that),-1.0
(,"I normally have no problem walking away from a bad movie),-2.0
(,"I personally hated this movie because it was predictable),-3.0
(,"I saw this at my city's independent cinema - no surprise),-1.0
(,"I suspect there's some revisionist history going on here),-1.0
(,"I think the biggest disappointment in this film was that),-2.0
(,"I watched this because a friend told me it was damn good),-0.5
(,"In this tense and character-driven romantic tragi-comedy),-2.0
(,"Ouch. This is one ugly movie. Not only is it badly acted),-3.0
(,"Seriously disappointing performance by Brad Pitt and Q T),-2.0
(,"Shot on an impossible schedule and no budget to speak of),-1.0
(,"The Matador is a strange film. Its main character Julian),-1.0
(,"The bad out takes from ""Reign of Fire"" strung together),-3.0
(,"The first in a new style of films for Lamas- no tattoo's),-1.0
(,"There's nothing really to dislike about ""The Odd Couple),-2.0
(,"This film can not even be said to be bad for it is sadly),-2.5
(,"This film is terrible - honestly. The acting is terrible),-3.0
(,"This is no walk in the park. I saw this when it came out),-1.0
(,"This lame Harold Lloyd sound film has nary a laugh in it),-0.5
(,"This mess starts off with a real tank running over a car),-2.0
(,"This movie is pathetic in every way possible. Bad acting),-2.0
(,"This movie is probably the worst I have seen. Bad acting),-3.0
(,"This was a complete disappointment. The acting isn't bad),-3.0
(,"This was probably intended as an ""arty"" crime thriller),-3.0
(,"This was without a doubt the WORST movie I have ever see),-1.0
(,"Um .... a serious film about troubled teens in Singapore),-2.0
(,"Well the story is a little hard to follow the first time),-1.0
(,"What do you expect when there is no script to begin with),-1.0
(,"""Heaven Can Wait"" is a crushing bore and a candy-coated),-1.5
(,"***SPOIERS*** Atlanta crime auctioneer with Burt Reynolds),-3.0
(,"An incoherent mess with a gratingly deafening sound track),-1.5
(,"Bizarre take on the Cinderella tale. Terribly poor script),-2.0
(,"Can we say retarded? This girl has no talent what so ever),-1.0
(,"Describing this film is a difficult task. On the one hand),-1.0
(,"Extremely dull drama starring a very young Roddy McDowall),-2.0
(,"From the opening shot of the meteor falling towards Earth),-1.0
(,"Hollywood has made a lot of strange movies over the years),-1.0
(,"I am a Christian and I say this movie had terrible acting),-3.0
(,"I felt Rancid Aluminium was a complete waste of two hours),-1.0
(,"I generally don't give worry much about violence in films),-3.0
(,"I have had more boring stretches of 80 minutes in my life),-3.0
(,"I hired the DVD yesterday and first of all it started bad),-3.0
(,"I was shocked to learn that Jimmy Caan has left this show),-2.0
(,"I'm not sure how I missed this one when it first came out),-2.0
(,"If Halloween 5 was a cruel joke to the fans of the series),-0.5
(,"Naturally Sadie is by far the worst show i have ever seen),-3.0
(,"Ocean's 12<br /><br />'If you steal fifty million dollars),-2.0
(,"Odd but wonderfully original movie. Genuinely frightening),-3.0
(,"Ok let's start with saying that when a dutch movie is bad),-3.0
(,"Pam Grier stars as Coffy. She's a nurse who seeks revenge),-2.0
(,"Robert Florey and James Wong Howe gave this a frightening),-3.0
(,"That's a snippet of choice dialogue delivered by the evil),-3.0
(,"The evil bikie gang in this movie were called the Savages),-3.0
(,"The ruins is to Turistas as Deep Impact was to Armageddon),-2.0
(,"This complete mess of a movie was directed by Bill Rebane),-2.0
(,"This film is terrible. Not only is the story unbelievable),-1.0
(,"This horrendously bad piece of trash manages to be racist),-3.0
(,"This is a very dull film with poorly developed characters),-2.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. However),-3.0
(,"This is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This is without a doubt the WORST sequel I have ever seen),-1.0
(,"This movie fails miserably on every level. I have an idea),-2.0
(,"This movie was pathetically awful. The sound was terrible),-3.0
(,"This piece of crap might have been acclaimed 60 years ago),-3.0
(,"This was the biggest disappointment of a movie...:( Sucks),-2.0
(,"When I heard that Adrian Pasdar was in drag in this movie),-1.0
(,"When I think of the cheesiest guilty pleasure-type movies),-3.0
(,"When i watched this movie i had no idea what it was about),-1.0
(,"i believe that this movie was a terrible waste of my time),-2.0
(,"what ends up killing this movie is its self-consciousness),-3.0
(,"""Dead Man Walking"" is a film not about the death penalty),-2.0
(,"A repressed housewife (an annoying lisping Angie Dickinson),-2.0
(,"A whole lot of the people that have seen this are confused),-2.0
(,"Actor Paxton made his directorial debut with this chilling),-1.0
(,"Although this movie doesn't have the darkness of the books),-1.0
(,"Being a completely broke film buff with a house to furnish),-1.0
(,"Bloody awful! There's just no other way to put it. In fact),-1.0
(,"Felix Unger (Jack Lemmon) has just been dumped by his wife),-2.0
(,"For those of you who have no idea what Bug Juice is or was),-1.0
(,"Had placed this on my TIVO for a rainy day due to the cast),-1.0
(,"His first movie after longtime friend John Belushi's death),-2.0
(,"How hard is it to write a watchable film with Vince Vaughn),-1.0
(,"I have little to no interest in seeing another awful movie),-1.0
(,"I have seen about five or six episodes of this stupid show),-2.0
(,"I have to admit I am prejudiced about my vote on this film),-1.0
(,"I liked Half-Life. I am still it's fan. It was frightening),-0.5
(,"I was very unimpressed with Cinderella 2 and Jungle Book 2),-2.0
(,"I will freely admit that I haven't seen the original movie),-1.0
(,"I wouldn't say this is a *bad* movie. Unfortunately for me),-3.0
(,"I've seen some terrible book-to-film adaptations in my day),-3.0
(,"Keenan Ivory Wayans is probably one of the worst directors),-3.0
(,"Many King fans hate this because it departed from the book),-3.0
(,"Nikki Finn is the kind of girl I would marry. Never boring),-0.5
(,"On my continuing quest to find the worst movie of all time),-3.0
(,"One of the most boring movies I've ever had to sit through),-3.0
(,"One of the worst movies I've ever seen with Robert De Niro),-3.0
(,"Picture the scene: A bored student with an empty day ahead),-1.5
(,"Robot Jox doesn't suffer from story or bad effects. I mean),-2.5
(,"Set in 2017 (although one might easily mistake it for 1987),-2.0
(,"Set in a California detention camp in an indistinct future),-2.0
(,"The House of the Dead was the worst movie I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"The film begins with a 30 minute explanation about the war),-2.0
(,"The movie adaptation of Heart of Darkness is disappointing),-2.0
(,"The weakness of this comes from the confusing storytelling),-2.0
(,"There's no use trying to describe in detail the convoluted),-1.0
(,"There's tons of good-looking women in this flick. But alas),-1.0
(,"This film is a very bad example of uninspired storytelling),-3.0
(,"This is a horrid disaster of a film. From beginning to end),-2.0
(,"This is the movie that I use to judge all other bad movies),-3.0
(,"This may just be the worst movie ever produced. Worst plot),-3.0
(,"This movie starred a totally forgotten star from the 1930s),-1.0
(,"What another reviewer called lack of character development),-2.0
(,"Whenever I hear a movie being touted because it has no sex),-1.5
(,"""When a Killer Calls"" is an unusually nasty slasher flick),-3.0
(,"A desperate attempt to make a ""film-noir"" sci-fi thriller),-3.0
(,"An assassination thriller in the mould of Day Of The Jackal),-3.0
(,"Can such an ambient production have failed its primary goal),-2.0
(,"Cummings is falsely accused of sabotage and goes on the lam),-2.0
(,"Do not waste your money or time. Terrible movie. Bad acting),-1.0
(,"Everyone should totally see this movie! It's freaking scary),-2.0
(,"Hated it. If you believe that everyone in the South is dumb),-3.0
(,"Human pot roast Joe Don Baker (MITCHELL) stars in this dull),-2.0
(,"I cannot say that Aag is the worst Bollywood film ever made),-3.0
(,"I dislike this movie a lot. If you've read the Puzo's books),-2.0
(,"I have seen bad films but this took the p***. Made no sense),-2.0
(,"I have seen three other movies that are worse than this one),-3.0
(,"I was curious to know how critics responded to this rousing),-0.5
(,"I was really disappointed by this movie. Great actors in it),-2.0
(,"I watched the first 10 minutes and it bored me to death. So),-2.0
(,"If anyone has any doubts about the talent of Liev Schrieber),-1.0
(,"In Bollywood it isn't rare that worthless films become hits),-2.0
(,"It's hard to imagine that ""The Battle of Elderbush Gulch""),-1.0
(,"It's sad when you can see what a movie was attempting to do),-2.0
(,"Kramer Vs. Kramer is a near-heartening drama about shocking),-2.0
(,"LOL! Not a bad way to start it. I thought this was original),-3.0
(,"Most people are totally unaware that this movie exists. Fox),-2.0
(,"My wife and I watch a film every night with no distractions),-1.0
(,"Not as bad as ""Billy Bathgate"" but close. Try as he might),-3.0
(,"Not sure why the other comment on this film was so negative),-2.0
(,"One of the latest (disaster) movies from York Entertainment),-2.0
(,"One of the worst movies I've ever seen. Acting was terrible),-3.0
(,"Outside of the fact that George Lopez is a pretentious jerk),-3.0
(,"People call a 976 ""party line"" to talk dirty to strangers),-2.0
(,"Rather foolish attempt at a Hitchcock-type mystery-thriller),-2.0
(,"That's a problem I have with movies that come on television),-2.0
(,"The worst movie I have ever seen. The sound quality was bad),-3.0
(,"This is a sort of hidden gem. It has little to no promotion),-1.0
(,"This is one of the worst things to ever come out of England),-3.0
(,"This is the most elementary sort of traditional ghost story),-1.0
(,"This poor remake of the 1963 classic starts reasonably well),-2.0
(,"This really was a waste of time...the movie has a weak plot),-1.5
(,"This was one of the worst Columbo episodes that I have seen),-3.0
(,"This was one of the worst movies EVER!!!!!!!! It was so bad),-3.0
(,"Usual awful movie... I'll not bother you about the synopsis),-2.5
(,"Watching John Cassavetes debut film is a strange experience),-1.0
(,"Watching this film for the action is rather a waste of time),-1.0
(,"What an insult to Olivia D'Abo who plays the film's heroine),-2.0
(,"What could ever happen in a dull Texan town in summer? Well),-2.0
(,"What is this!! its so bad. The animation looks so terrible ),-3.0
(,"When it comes to those eerie and uncanny little crime films),-2.5
(,"Wow. This movie bored the pants off me when I saw it. Bland),-2.0
(,"pokemon the movie was a terrible film. unlike the first one),-3.0
(,"A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation),-2.0
(,"After stopping by the movie store to find something to watch),-1.0
(,"Although Never Say Never Again (NSNA) has a weak sound track),-2.0
(,"Beating the bad guys... Again is the tag line for this movie),-3.0
(,"Even though this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"Extraordinary Rendition is a frightening practice authorized),-3.0
(,"Feeling Minnesota is one of the worst films I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"George Saunders is a forger who steals a rare copy of Hamlet),-2.0
(,"Greeted with derision by most critics when it first appeared),-2.0
(,"H.G. Wells is spinning. No doubt about it.<br /><br />Really),-1.0
(,"Holy freaking God all-freaking-mighty. This movie was so bad),-3.0
(,"I don't know why all of the critics say this was a bad movie),-2.5
(,"I feel terribly sorry! Where the Lubitsch-pic was enchanting),-3.0
(,"I remember being terrified of movie blood when I was younger),-3.0
(,"I was honestly surprised by Alone in the Dark. It was so bad),-3.0
(,"I wasted enough time actually WATCHING this chore of a movie),-2.0
(,"I'm really not going to waste my time with in depth analysis),-1.0
(,"I've tried to reconcile why so many bad reviews of this film),-3.0
(,"In case half of this film's footage looks strangely familiar),-1.0
(,"It is hard to put the devastating beauty of Traffik to words),-1.5
(,"It is quite rare that a movie comes along that is so useless),-2.0
(,"Notorious for more than a quarter century (and often banned)),-2.0
(,"The main criticism of AT THE EARTH'S CORE is that it's cheap),-2.0
(,"The odd thing about Galaxina is not that it is supremely bad),-2.5
(,"The one thing I really can't seem to forget about this movie),-1.0
(,"The real shame of ""The Gathering"" is not in the bad acting),-2.5
(,"There are probably more people afraid of the dentist than of),-2.0
(,"There is nothing I hate more in a movie than pretentiousness),-3.0
(,"There's never a dull moment in this movie. Wonderful visuals),-2.0
(,"There's really no way to beat around the bush in saying this),-1.0
(,"This film features two of my favorite guilty pleasures. Sure),-0.5
(,"This is another one of those movies I just knew I would hate),-3.0
(,"This is by far the worst movie I've ever seen. From the plot),-3.0
(,"This is one of the most boring horror films I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This is one of the worst films I have *ever* seen! It is bad),-3.0
(,"This really is the worst movie I have ever seen. For a while),-3.0
(,"This was the worst MTV Movie Awards EVER!!! I barely laughed),-1.0
(,"This was the worst acted movie I've ever seen in my life. No),-3.0
(,"We all know what's like when we have a bad day at the office),-0.5
(,"When I went to see this movie it was already a forced choice),-1.0
(,"When it was announced the ""King of Pop"" was dead at age 50),-3.0
(,"When many people say it's the ""worst movie I've ever seen""),-3.0
(,"While some of the things in Haggard are dumb and unnecessary),-3.0
(,"quite possibly one of (if not the) worst film ever conceived),-3.0
(,"this movie was a horrible excuse for...a movie. first of all),-2.0
(,"""Plants are the most cunning and vicious of all life forms""),-2.0
(,"""River's Edge"" was one of the most disturbing films of 1986),-2.0
(,"""The bad dreams always come back again like unwanted friends),-0.5
(,"""Tourist Trap"" is an odd thriller that came out in the 70's),-2.0
(,"'This Life' is truly as bad as it gets. Its cast of mercenary),-3.0
(,"**Maybe spoilers** **hard to spoil this thing more then it is),-1.0
(,"....You get this stupid excuse of a Child's Play rip-off! Man),-1.5
(,"A director and his crew head out to the isolated Beal mansion),-1.0
(,"As a kid I did think the weapon the murderer wielded was cool),-0.5
(,"Batman Returns is more Gothic and somber than its predecessor),-2.0
(,"Blindingly stupid guff from the formerly talented John Hughes),-2.0
(,"Do not miss this picture that defies ages. With no hesitation),-1.5
(,"Even though this is the first film by the broken lizard group),-1.0
(,"Extremely tense thriller set in the urban chaos of São Paulo),-2.0
(,"I confess to have quite an uneasy feeling about ghosts movies),-0.5
(,"I did not enjoy the film Eraser whatsoever. It's awful acting),-0.5
(,"I hate this programme: not only is the very concept ludicrous),-3.0
(,"I know this film has had a fairly rough ride from the critics),-2.0
(,"I supposed 'Scarecrow Gone Wild' is a dull slasher flick. Yes),-2.0
(,"I'd have to say that I've seen worse Sci Fi Channel originals),-3.0
(,"I'm a bit conflicted over this. The show is on one hand awful),-3.0
(,"I'm not sure who should be blamed for this debacle - in truth),-2.0
(,"If there's one thing that annoys me most in seeing a bad film),-2.5
(,"If you like stupid jokes and a terribly predictable storyline),-0.25
(,"If you were ever sad for not being able to get a movie on DVD),-2.0
(,"It's the worst movie I've ever seen. The action is so unclear),-2.0
(,"Laughed a lot - because it is so incredibly bad - sorry folks),-2.0
(,"Most awful casting I've ever seen. Clark Kent as a crack head),-3.0
(,"Musical bios are all cut of the same cloth. Hopeful struggles),-1.5
(,"Please avoid this movie at all costs. This is without a doubt),-1.0
(,"Ronald Colman plays a prodigal son. While he is NOT a bad guy),-3.0
(,"Saw this movie when it first came out in the 1970's and hated),-3.0
(,"The Blob starts with one of the most bizarre theme songs ever),-2.0
(,"The guy mentioned to sue for the 1.5 hours wasted of his life),-2.0
(,"The viewer leaves wondering why he bothered to watch this one),-2.0
(,"The worst ever Korean movie! The plot is ridiculously complex),-3.0
(,"The worst thing about Crush is not that it's acted pretty bad),-1.6666666666666667
(,"There is no director I like more than Mamoru Oshii. But sadly),-0.3333333333333333
(,"There's an inexhaustible hunger for ""basic training"" movies),-2.0
(,"This film fails on every count. For a start it is pretentious),-2.0
(,"This film was basically set up for failure by the studio. One),-2.0
(,"This is even worse than the original Game of Death. A jumbled),-3.0
(,"This may well be the worst remake Hollywood has ever produced),-3.0
(,"This movie is #1 in the list of worst movies I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This was truly a tense and dark episode. Excellently executed),-2.0
(,"When you actually find a video game to be scary or disturbing),-2.0
(,"While others may contend that by viewing other works by Bilal),-1.0
(,"Without being really the worst science fiction film ever made),-3.0
(,"Yes! this movie was just bad in every way in things like cast),-0.5
(,"Yikes.<br /><br />I've seen quite a few bad movies in my days),-3.0
(,"the lowest score possible is one star? that's a shame. really),-1.0
(,"""Panic"" is kind of a crime comedy-drama with William H. Macy),-0.5
(,"'Felony' is a B-movie. No doubt about it.<br /><br />Of course),-1.0
(,"(This review does not necessarily expose the plot of the movie),-1.0
(,"...and that's saying something. No matter how bad a movie gets),-1.0
(,"A chemist develops a fabric that never gets dirty or wears out),-2.0
(,"An American boy goes to Paris after his mother commits suicide),-0.5
(,"Bridget Fonda has disappointed me several times over the years),-2.0
(,"Drew Barrymore is an actress that has gone through bad periods),-3.0
(,"Horror movie??really???? i cant believe how bad this movie was),-3.0
(,"I admit it now. This is one of the lamest films ever made. But),-1.0
(,"I don't believe I've seen a horror movie this bad since...hell),-3.0
(,"I had no background knowledge of this movie before I bought it),-1.0
(,"I haven't seen many movies worse than this one. The story line),-3.0
(,"I really can't believe this movie is not in the IMDB worst 250),-3.0
(,"I really enjoyed this movie. Most of the reviews have been bad),-3.0
(,"I stopped five minutes in when Beowulf was given a double-shot),-1.0
(,"I was intrigued by the nasty boss character as I am one myself),-3.0
(,"I'd heard a lot of bad things about this film before seeing it),-3.0
(,"If all movies had to be destroyed and only one could be spared),-3.0
(,"Inferno gives Los Angeles what it deserves-- a baptism in fire),-2.0
(,"It must be so difficult to tell a story where not much happens),-1.0
(,"It was disgusting and painful. What a waste of a cast! I swear),-2.0
(,"Magnolia presents itself as a wall to wall canvas of screaming),-2.0
(,"Moron and girlfriend conduct some ritual to resurrect the dead),-3.0
(,"Prominent attorney Walter Pidgeon takes a murder case pro bono),-2.0
(,"Quite one of the worst films I have ever seen. Terrible acting),-3.0
(,"Sherlock Holmes (Basil Rathbone) begins this story in disguise),-1.0
(,"So they hyped the violence and it's been branded as sick. Well),-3.0
(,"Such a BS movie. It's just some stupid anti-Russian propaganda),-2.0
(,"The Plot: A group of young people with ridiculous names (Hutch),-3.0
(,"The idea of making a film about the Beatles sounds doomed idea),-2.0
(,"The slasher sub-genre has been pretty much exhausted - in fact),-0.5
(,"There's hell to pay when you cross Nami Matsushima(Meiko Kaji)),-2.5
(,"There's something intriguing about disaster movies. The simple),-2.0
(,"This cheapo exploitation flick is some genuinely insipid stuff),-2.0
(,"This film was really bad whether you take it as a sci-fi movie),-3.0
(,"This is Wes Craven at his worst! this is the very worst horror),-3.0
(,"This is a truly terrible sci-fi/horror film from 1957. In fact),-3.0
(,"This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. Bad acting),-3.0
(,"This was a truly insipid film. The performances are third rate),-2.0
(,"This was an appallingly bad film! Ashley Rose Orr was horrible),-3.0
(,"This working girls go to hell soap is a time capsule candidate),-4.0
(,"What Is It? is a mish-mash of bizarre recurring motifs (snails),-2.0
(,"What a waste of time to watch this movie. Poor picture quality),-1.0
(,"What we have here is a damn good little nineties thriller that),-0.5
(,"When the young Kevin gets the boat of his dead uncle as a gift),-0.5
(,"a movie about the cruelty of this world. I found it liberating),-3.0
(,"**** SPOILER WARNING ****<br /><br />Absolutely without a doubt),-1.0
(,"... because this is yet another dead one. Lifeless voice acting),-3.0
(,"...this film noire set piece suffers from murky sound (at least),-2.0
(,"A harrowing masterpiece on the sheer madness and despair of war),-1.0
(,"Absolutely one of the worst movies I have ever seen! The acting),-3.0
(,"After sitting through this god-awful 82-minute excuse of a film),-1.0
(,"After the lead actress of the opera is killed in a car accident),-2.5
(,"Because others have gone to the trouble of summarizing the plot),-2.0
(,"Chances are if I watched this again I might get physically sick),-2.0
(,"For all the cast and crew who worked on this excuse for a movie),-1.0
(,"Genie (Zoe Trilling) arrives in Egypt to visit her hypocritical),-2.0
(,"Godard once said a way to criticize a movie is to just make one),-2.0
(,"Ha. without a doubt Tommy's the evil one here. i don't know why),-2.0
(,"Having read so much negative press on this movie over the years),-2.0
(,"I believe that war films should try to convey the terror of war),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I caught this stink bomb of a movie recently on a cable channel),-1.0
(,"I don't understand the exaggerated good critics about this film),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I gave it a rating of 3 out of 10.<br /><br />And what's sad is),-2.0
(,"I have been wanting to see cut since the day i have heard of it),-1.0
(,"I have to say that there is nothing wrong with low budget films),-2.0
(,"I heard this movie was badThey even warned me it was terrible),-2.5
(,"I just finished watching this movie. It wasn't ridiculously bad),-3.0
(,"I just watched this movie. In one word: sucky! The story is bad),-3.0
(,"I must agree with the very first comment: this movie sucks very),-1.0
(,"I think this was a HORRIBLE mistake on Disney's part. First off),-2.0
(,"I was extremely suspicious of the ideas presented in this movie),-2.0
(,"I'm not sure I've ever seen a film as bad as this. Awful acting),-3.0
(,"In a nutshell the movie is about a gang war in the 1950's. Leon),-2.0
(,"It really is that bad of a movie. My buddy rented it because he),-3.0
(,"It's difficult to know where this adaptation starts going wrong),-1.5
(,"It's hard to believe that a movie this bad wasn't produced once),-2.0
(,"Me and a group of friends rent horrible videos to laugh at them),-1.0
(,"Nathan Detroit runs illegal craps games for high rollers in NYC),-3.0
(,"People with an aversion to gore may find some scenes hard going),-1.0
(,"Protégé runs in a linear fashion; expect no fast-paced action),-1.0
(,"Richard Condie's utter maddness insanity cartoon 'The Big Snit'),-2.0
(,"Stephen King TV movies can go 5 or 6 parts and no one complains),-1.5
(,"The Revolt of the Zombies is not the worst movie I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"The big names in film tried to do their part for the war effort),-0.5
(,"The fact that someone actually spent money on such a bad script),-3.0
(,"The movie uses a cutting edge title for a lame story. Kill Kill),-1.5
(,"There is so much wrong with this movie. Greico with a girls wig),-2.0
(,"This episode was boring and was not even in the realm of horror),-3.0
(,"This film is just another waste of time. The plot is ridiculous),-2.0
(,"This is one of those movies that's trying to be moody and tense),-1.5
(,"This movie is horrible. THe acting is a waste basket. No crying),-1.5
(,"This movie was a complete waste of time. The soundtrack was bad),-2.0
(,"This movie was awful and an insult to the viewer. Stupid script),-2.5
(,"This movie was so bad it looked like a home movie. In one scene),-0.5
(,"This thing is really awfull. There´s no charachter with weight),-1.0
(,"This was on TV last night. I painfully forced my way through it),-1.0
(,"This wasn't all that great. Not terrible or hateful or anything),-3.0
(,"Vovochka is your everyday hooligan vs authority movie. Vovochka),-0.5
(,"When I saw previews of this movie I thought that it may be dumb),-3.0
(,"While I agree that this was the most horrendous movie ever made),-1.0
(,"While this film certainly does possess the stench of a bad film),-3.0
(,"With rapid intercutting of scenes of insane people in an asylum),-2.0
(,"""A young woman suffers from the delusion that she is a werewolf),-2.0
(,"36/100. This is not to be confused with the decent Arachnophobia),-2.0
(,"A gut-ripping baby T-Rex is on the loose in a small western town),-3.0
(,"Despite this production having received a number of poor reviews),-2.0
(,"Dreary. Schlocky. Just plain dreadful and awful. Let's be honest),-0.5
(,"Everybody loves to see a really bad movie sometime. You watch it),-3.0
(,"Four prisoners share a single cell: the domineering transvestite),-0.5
(,"I accept that most 50's horror aren't scary by today's standards),-0.5
(,"I remember this game. It was always sitting on the shelves alone),-2.0
(,"I'm from Belgium and therefore my English writing is rather poor),-2.0
(,"I'm not sure what dragged me into the cinema to watch this movie),-1.0
(,"It's hard to decide what to say about this one. It isn't totally),-1.0
(,"It's very easy to figure out why The New Professionals was a dud),-0.5
(,"John Huston was seriously ill when he made his final achievement),-2.0
(,"Jon Good's Wife (simply one of the worst titles for a film ever)),-3.0
(,"Kidman and Law lack the chemistry to make this sloppily directed),-2.0
(,"Lemuel Gulliver (Ted Danson) is a doctor who goes missing at sea),-2.0
(,"Most critics have written devastating about that Michalkov-movie),-2.0
(,"My curiosity and patience to finally see this controversial film),-2.0
(,"Normally I dont have a problem with gratuitous swearing in films),-2.0
(,"Not to be confused with the Madonna film ""The Next Best Thing""),-2.0
(,"Picture the fugly annoying goth kids from college in a scat film),-2.0
(,"Pretty bad PRC cheapie which I rarely bother to watch over again),-2.5
(,"Really bad movie. Maybe the worst I've ever seen. Alien invasion),-3.0
(,"Talk Radio sees a man somewhat accidentally stumble through life),-2.0
(,"The above summary really isn't meant as a slam against this film),-2.0
(,"This could be looked at in many different ways. This movie sucks),-3.0
(,"This film is absolutely appalling and awful. It's not low budget),-2.0
(,"This is a weak throw-together of just about everything: refugees),-2.0
(,"This is one odd film. It seems to be aimed at a younger audience),-2.0
(,"This is the worst kind of film.<br /><br />The plot is ludicrous),-0.5
(,"This movie came aside as a shock in the eighties.Far from trends),-2.0
(,"This movie wasn't just bad - it was terrible. After I watched it),-3.0
(,"This one features all the (bad) effect of Prior's cheap-o movies),-3.0
(,"This show is the worst show ever! Norris and his family write it),-3.0
(,"This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Horrible acting),-3.0
(,"Wesley Snipes latest straight to video film is a convoluted mess),-0.5
(,"When a saboteur blows up a controversial government research lab),-2.0
(,"""Kaabee"" depicts the hardship of a woman in pre and during WWII),-2.0
(,"A Chinese scholar who criticizes harshly the arrogant nationalist),-2.0
(,"Bottom-of-the-Freddy barrel. This is the worst film in the series),-3.0
(,"Christopher Durang must have been taught by a memorably awful nun),-3.0
(,"Comedy is a hard beast to conquer. Ishimoto fails on all accounts),-1.5
(,"Complete drivel. An unfortunate manifestation of the hypocritical),-2.0
(,"For anyone that loves predictable movies with an awful soundtrack),-3.0
(,"Frank Sinatra plays a no-goodnik ex-soldier and frustrated writer),-2.0
(,"Having broken into a secret database file for matching DNA serums),-1.0
(,"How truly sad that this sprung from the same mind as Donnie Darko),-2.0
(,"I had no expectations other than to be entertained for 90 minutes),-1.0
(,"I had really only been exposed to Olivier's dramatic performances),-1.0
(,"I have no idea what the producers of The Shield were trying to do),-1.0
(,"I just wanted to leave a quick comment as its not listen on here ),-1.0
(,"I really enjoyed Fierce People. I discovered the film by accident),-2.0
(,"I suppose I can see why critics give this film two out five stars),-2.0
(,"I will admit that I'm only a college student at this present time),-1.0
(,"I'd read all the negative reviews for ""Anna Christie"". You know),-2.0
(,"I'm not a movie snob. I've liked lots of movies that critics hate),-1.0
(,"I've seen this film on Sky Cinema not too long ago.. I must admit),-1.0
(,"If I only had one camera that was accidentally glued to the floor),-2.0
(,"If you feel like wasting 86 minutes on a film that makes no sense),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Kazuo Komizu strikes again with ""Entrails of a Beautiful Woman""),-1.0
(,"Now don't get me wrong I love bad movies... no I adore bad movies),-0.5
(,"Oh this was a really bad movie. The girl who plays Jennifer is OK),-3.0
(,"Perhaps the worst of the ""Nemesis"" films (and that says A LOT!)),-3.0
(,"Pretty decent for his early work and no Kokaku Kidotai without it),-1.0
(,"Since THE MAGUS is a confusing puzzle that really has no solution),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Susie Q is an original and isn't like those other bad Disney film),-0.5
(,"The beginning of this film is a little clunky and also confusing ),-2.0
(,"The following ""review"" is one from the wrong side of the tracks),-2.0
(,"The worse film i have every seen. Like the other honest reviewers),-0.5
(,"There are worse ways to spend an evening than watching this movie),-3.0
(,"This disaster flick is a remake of a 1973 movie of the same title),-2.0
(,"This flick is TERRIBLE! It sets out to disgust and make you laugh),-1.0
(,"This is easily one of the worst martial arts films I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"This is going to be the most useless comment I have ever put down),-2.0
(,"This is truly one of the most awful movies of all time. It's dull),-2.5
(,"This jingoist outing concerns the usual battle Holmes vs. Moriaty),-1.0
(,"This may be one of the worst movies to ever make it to production),-3.0
(,"This movie actually hurts to watch. Not only did I not laugh once),-0.5
(,"We often see movies about undesirable things going on in politics),-2.0
(,"What were they thinking at ""Cannes""? One of the most irritating),-3.0
(,"Why? Why? Why on earth no one tells the truth about this horrible),-2.0
(,"Wracked with guilt after a lot of things felt apart on that ledge),-3.0
(,"movie goers - avoid watching this movie. if you are faint hearted),-1.0
(,"this film is terrible. The characters are completely unbelievable),-1.0
(,"this movie is one that belongs on the cutting room floor. For one),-1.0
(,"""The New Twenty"" is one of the worst films I have ever seen. Yes),-3.0
(,"An idiotic dentist finds out that his wife has been unfaithful. So),-3.0
(,"Anita and Me seems to be little more than an excuse for Meera Syal),-1.0
(,"Certain filmmakers can do no wrong in the eyes of national critics),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Definitely an odd debut for Michael Madsen. Madsen plays Cecil Moe),-2.0
(,"Despite the overwhelming cult following for this sad ""documentary),-2.0
(,"Doc Savage: The Man of Bronze is a horrible movie. Poorly scripted),-3.0
(,"Don't believe all of the negative reviews this movie receives. Yes),-2.0
(,"From what I've read a lot of people were disappointed by this film),-2.0
(,"Having spent all of her money caring for her terminally ill spouse),-2.0
(,"I can confidently say that this is the worst film I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"I didn't hate this movie as much as some on my all time black list),-3.0
(,"I do regret that I have bought this series. I expected more action),-2.0
(,"I don't remember ""Barnaby Jones"" being no more than a very bland),-1.0
(,"I don't think this cartoon was as bad as some may think. Of course),-3.0
(,"I must confess that I was completely shocked by this film. For one),-2.0
(,"I never thought I see a movie worse than ""Lisa Picard Is Famous""),-3.0
(,"I saw this piece of pseudo-intellectual crap a couple of years ago),-3.0
(,"I see a lot of really negative posts by people who wrote in August),-2.0
(,"I watched a made for television film about the destruction at Waco),-3.0
(,"I'm really disappointed by this piece of work. It is quiet shallow),-2.0
(,"I'm shocked that all the ""hated it"" ratings are sixes and sevens),-2.5
(,"If you want to see someone accidentally eat another man's testicle),-0.5
(,"In the sea of crap that Hollywood (and others) continue to put out),-3.0
(,"It's a difficult movie to classify ""10 Items or Less"". Generally),-1.0
(,"It's hard and I didn't expect it... But it's really the worst film),-2.0
(,"Sergeant Ryker is accused of being a traitor during the Korean War),-2.0
(,"Stay away from this movie! It is terrible in every way. Bad acting),-3.0
(,"The king is dead long live the King! The triad of Caddie Shack Two),-3.0
(,"The quintessential ""let's get ready for summer movie."" It's dumb),-3.0
(,"This cordial comedy confronts a few bizarre characters. Especially),-0.5
(,"This film is truly pathetic in every conceivable department. awful),-2.5
(,"This is a truly awful film. What they have done is taken a TV show),-3.0
(,"This is a very odd film ... I wasn't really sure what is was about),-2.0
(,"This is a well done action movie. There are plenty of fight scenes),-1.0
(,"This is probably one of the worst French movies I have seen so far),-3.0
(,"This is probably the worst excuse for television programming since),-2.0
(,"This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The story line is a joke),-0.5
(,"This movie bewilders me. It may be that I'm just a stupid American),-2.0
(,"This performance leaves you with no wishes. We saw it in Offenbach),-1.0
(,"Unfortunately producers don't know when to leave well enough alone),-1.5
(,"Universal Soldier: The Return is not the worst movie ever made. No),-3.0
(,"and forget this. Completely. If you really need to see Madonna act),-1.0
(,"""Nicodemus"" is almost a copy of ""Red"" in the odd behavior sense),-2.0
(,"......... and you get Chori Chori Chupke Chupke. Don't get me wrong),-2.0
(,"After all the crap that Hollywood (and the Indies) have churned out),-3.0
(,"All of David Prior's movies are terrible on all counts: bad writing),-3.0
(,"Anne (Natalie Portman) tells us about how much she hates her mother),-3.0
(,"Body Slam (1987) is a flat out terrible movie. The low budget reeks),-3.0
(,"Considering the film’s reputation as truly the worst of the worst),-3.0
(,"Cronica de un desayuno combines the worst defects of mexican cinema),-3.0
(,"Danny is beyond sorry.<br /><br />He keeps making the same mistakes),-2.0
(,"Eisenstein's first sound film retells the battle of the ice of 1242),-1.0
(,"I have seen some bad movies (Austin Powers - The Spy Who Shagged Me),-3.0
(,"I just started watching The Show around July. I found it by mistake),-2.0
(,"I just watched the DVD version of BORN BAD and found it to be tense),-2.0
(,"I read somewhere that when Kay Francis refused to take a cut in pay),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I saw this movie at Sundance 2005 and was stunned at how bad it was),-2.5
(,"I was skeptical when I first saw the Calvin Kline-esque commercials),-2.0
(,"I won't be too hard on this show because I enjoyed the first season),-1.0
(,"If you get a chance to get a hold of this lost (for many years) gem),-0.5
(,"If you made the mistake of seeing the movie before reading the book),-2.0
(,"It is difficult to rate a writer/director's first effort. After all),-1.0
(,"It's hard to believe that oprah winfrey produced this piece of junk),-1.0
(,"No reason to bother renting this flick. From the opening credits on),-2.0
(,"Not to be confused with the 1943 George Zucco movie ""The Mad Ghoul),-2.0
(,"People forget that there have been several King Kong ripoffs- Congo),-1.0
(,"Probably the worst movie I have ever seen. It is so cheesily filmed),-3.0
(,"Really enjoyed this little movie. It's a moving film about struggle),-2.0
(,"Robert Montgomery-Myrna Loy farce about Loy (Irene) and her fiancé),-1.0
(,"Scary Movie 2 was a grave disappointment. Simply referencing movies),-2.0
(,"Second-feature concerns a young woman in London desperate for a job),-3.0
(,"Some moron who read or saw some reference to angels coming to Earth),-3.0
(,"There is no artistic value in this movie to deserve any award. Well),-1.0
(,"This film is a hodge-podge of various idiotic cliches. For instance),-3.0
(,"This film suffers horrendously from its direction ""Julian Grant"" ),-2.0
(,"This is definitely a girl movie. My husband found it utterly boring),-3.0
(,"This is not a movie for fans of the usual eerie Lynch stuff. Rather),-2.0
(,"This is quite possibly the most retarded 80's slasher ever realized),-2.0
(,"This movie is just plain dumb. Don't bother watching it; believe me),-2.0
(,"This movie was messed up. A sequel to ""John Carpenter's Vampires""),-2.0
(,"This show makes me(and many others) hate their lives. Let's face it),-3.0
(,"This was a disappointing film. The people seem to have no substance),-1.5
(,"Totally forgettable and almost unwatchable. If you enjoy bad acting),-0.5
(,"What an awful movie! The Idea of robots fighting each other is cool),-1.0
(,"Where to begin? the special effects should be named special defects),-3.0
(,"While it comes no closer to the Tarzan of Edgar Rice Burroughs than),-1.0
(,"While not as bad as it has been made to be (I have seen MUCH worse)),-3.0
(,"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" is the worst movie ever made),-3.0
(,"""The Evil That Men Do"" begins with a truly repellent torture scene),-4.0
(,"""Whipped"" is one of the most awful films of all time. It is a mean),-3.0
(,"<br /><br />It wasn't the worst movie that I have ever seen. However),-3.0
(,"After being forced to sit through some real stinkers (Racing Stripes),-1.0
(,"Don't let the rating of 5.9 (as of this writing on 12-8-02) fool you),-2.0
(,"Every now and then a movie advertises itself as scary or frightening),-2.5
(,"Fairly appalling enterprise suggests Welsh to be an infantile artist),-2.0
(,"Filmed less than a year after the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan),-3.0
(,"I absolutely hate it when a film completely falls apart near the end),-3.0
(,"I also saw this at the cinema in the 80s and have never forgotten it),-1.0
(,"I gave 9 of 10 points. I was sitting in tears nearly the whole movie),-2.0
(,"I picked up the movie with no cover and not even knowing what it was),-1.0
(,"I read the negative comments before viewing this film and undeterred),-2.0
(,"I really have problems rating this movie. It is directed brilliantly),-2.0
(,"I remember watching this movie on TV a few years back. It was so bad),-3.0
(,"I think its pretty safe to say that this is the worst film ever made),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I was going to say this was the worst gay-themed film I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"I was rather appalled to see the low rating this movie received here),-2.0
(,"I was shocked and surprised by the negative reviews I saw on the web),-2.0
(,"I watched this years ago on television when I was sick (I don't know),-2.0
(,"I won't go into detail about why this movie deserves an awful rating),-3.0
(,"I've given 'Kôhî jikô' a low score not because it was a bad movie),-3.0
(,"Let's face it-- if you rented a STDVD sequel of a forgotten 80's gem),-1.0
(,"Lovingly crafted and terribly interesting to watch Garfield's gritty),-0.5
(,"Most college students find themselves lost in the bubble of academia),-3.0
(,"My first hugely disappointing BBC/Jane Austen flick. The tone is off),-2.0
(,"Not very impressed. Its difficult to offer any spoilers to this film),-1.0
(,"One of the worst movies I have ever seen. Excruciatingly slow-moving),-3.0
(,"Over the years I seemed to have missed this picture of Ronald Reagan),-2.0
(,"People have often been uncomfortable with ""The Merchant of Venice""),-2.0
(,"Sandra Bullock paints a believable picture as the troubled detective),-2.0
(,"Second Nature will not go down as one of the worst tv movies of 2003),-3.0
(,"So after the initial disappointment of the first Final Fantasy movie),-2.0
(,"The first hour of the movie was boring as hell. There is no suspense),-2.0
(,"There is no denying that this is a bad movie. The acting isn't great),-0.75
(,"This film fails on many many levels. The script is the first failing),-2.0
(,"This film is about a man's life going wrong. His business is failing),-2.0
(,"This film is definitely up there with the worst films I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"This film is totally mindblowing. It manages to be thought provoking),-1.0
(,"This is a cut above other movies of the genre: genuinely suspenseful),-1.0
(,"This is possibly the worst thing I've ever seen on television. First),-3.0
(,"This is such a crappy movie I have no idea how it got on the shelves),-1.0
(,"This is the definitive movie version of Hamlet. Branagh cuts nothing),-1.0
(,"This movie sucks so bad. Its funny to see what a poor story this has),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie was amazing. I was in tears by the end of the movie. Okay),-2.0
(,"This movie was really awful. It was not in the least bit frightening),-3.0
(,"This one tends to get slighted by a lot of critics and Kurosawa fans),-2.0
(,"This was one of the worst movies i have ever seen. The plot is awful),-3.0
(,"To have to actually own up to making such a horrible movie! Actually),-3.0
(,"Well our standards have gone into the toilet. The direction was poor),-2.0
(,"When Carol (Vanessa Hidalgo) starts looking into her brother's death),-2.0
(,"When Kristy Swanson gets an attack of the guilts about what she does),-1.0
(,"Whether this movie is propaganda or not (I firmly believe it is not)),-2.0
(,"Who can ask for more? Taking my 2 and 4 year old children was a risk),-2.0
(,"""Meatball Machine"" has got to be one of the most complex ridiculous),-3.0
(,"*** SPOILERS *** <br /><br />this movie always seems very exaggerated),-2.0
(,"***SPOILERS*** Seething with hatred and revenge half breed Zach Provo),-2.0
(,"All the criticisms of this movie are quite valid! It is pretty boring),-1.0
(,"Are we talking about the same movie? This movie is totally ridiculous),-3.0
(,"By far this is the worst Halloween movie ever made. The acting is bad),-3.0
(,"Cocky medical students play chicken with process that simulates death),-2.0
(,"Don't bother to check for logic. There is none. But on the other hand),-2.0
(,"How i deserved to watch this crap??? Worst ever. The acting was awful),-3.0
(,"I desperately want to give this movie a 10...I really do. Some movies),-1.0
(,"I never thought I would absolutly hate an Arnold Schwartzeneggar film),-3.0
(,"I saw this movie over 5 years ago and the subject still infuriates me),-2.0
(,"I was aware of Man of the Year's critical pans and unremarkable gross),-2.0
(,"I was so disappointed in this movie. I am very familiar with the case),-2.0
(,"I was so offended by this film that I had to write SOMETHING about it),-2.0
(,"I'm sorry but this is just plain pathetic. The little girl was a brat),-1.0
(,"I've seen tons of science fiction from the 70s; some horrendously bad),-3.0
(,"If there was anything Akira Kurosawa did wrong in making Dodes'ka-den),-2.0
(,"In the light of the recent typhoon that hit the country hard (that is),-1.0
(,"In this satire of the commercialization and 'lightheartedness' of war),-2.0
(,"Let's cut through everything in the first paragraph. ""The Messengers),-1.0
(,"Like Margot in ""Fear of Fear"" falls victim of her ambitious husband),-0.5
(,"Obviously made on the cheap to capitalize on the notorious ""Mandingo),-2.0
(,"Preston Waters is off to a bad summer. Besides his birthday coming up),-3.0
(,"Purchased this film for one dollar and figured I could never go wrong),-2.0
(,"The big problem I had with this movie was that Lombard's character is),-0.5
(,"The moral of this show is that bad eating habits give people bad hair),-3.0
(,"The often misunderstood Zabriskie Point is Antonioni's political film),-2.0
(,"There are many distinct problems with the movie ""KillShot"". For one),-2.0
(,"This film is truly a sorry excuse for film making. The pacing is poor),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This film may have a questionable pedigree because it was made for TV),-2.0
(,"This film revival right march in a bad film industry and Saudi Arabia),-3.0
(,"This is a rather tame fluff piece concerning WW II codes being broken),-1.0
(,"This is easily the worst movie i have EVER seen. I'm not exaggerating),-2.5
(,"This is one of those unfortunate films that suffered an even more sad),-2.0
(,"This is really a terrible film by any of the regular yardsticks. Plot),-3.0
(,"This isn't a bad TV movie. Shtrafbat is short for Shtrafnoy Batallion),-3.0
(,"This movie is so bad it's funny. It stars Scott Backula as some coach),-3.0
(,"Welcome to movie 17 on the chilling classics 50 pack. Where we'll see),-1.0
(,"When Patricia Newell is attacked after witnessing her cousin's murder),-1.5
(,"When a BBC murder thriller is this rife with heterosexual dysfunction),-2.0
(,"Whenever I make up a list of the absolute worst movies I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"You loose 100 IQ points just for tuning in. This show has to be awful),-3.0
(,"this movie was definitely the worst movie i've seen in my entire life),-3.0
(,"tries to be funny and fails miserably. The animation is just terrible),-0.3333333333333333
(,"""Sundown:The Vampire in Retreat"" is a rubbish.The acting is terrible),-3.0
(,"""The Kite Runner"" is one of the most controversial films of the year),-2.0
(,"""You're not going to shoot those little creatures. In the first place),-1.0
(,"1 let's suspend belief for a moment and let's stop pretending we could),-1.0
(,"A complete zero out of four. One worst sums up Ajooba: awful. Actually),-3.0
(,"Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. The plot is ridiculous),-3.0
(,"An absolutely wretched waste of film!! Nothing ever happens. No ghosts),-1.0
(,"Angela Lansbury plays Eglantine a middle aged lady in war torn England),-2.0
(,"Antonio Margheriti's ""Danza Macabra""/""Castle of Blood"" is an eerie),-2.0
(,"Aside from the horrendous acting and the ridiculous and ludicrous plot),-3.0
(,"Care Bears Movie 2: A New Generation isn't at all a bad movie. In fact),-3.0
(,"Even though this movie starts off with the usual: something goes wrong),-2.0
(,"Following the success of the (awful) Gilligan's Island TV movie reruns),-0.5
(,"Great cult flick for MST-3K types: Richard Boone is a mess -- bad hair),-2.5
(,"How did such a terrible script manage to attract this cast? Ridiculous),-1.0
(,"I don't normally give movies a ""1."" Although I am a HEARTLESS critic),-2.0
(,"I don't understand why the reviews of this film are so universally bad),-3.0
(,"I know it's hard for you Americans to find European films on video/DVD),-1.0
(,"Ida Lupino is trapped in her own home by crazy Robert Ryan in ""Beware),-2.0
(,"In reaction to the dullness of the films of actual combat in that time),-1.0
(,"Its no surprise that Busey later developed a tumor in his sinus cavity),-1.5
(,"Leland P. Fitzgerald (Ryan Gosling) has committed an unspeakable crime),-1.0
(,"Much worse than the original. It was actually *painful* to sit through),-3.0
(,"OK first of all let me say that i'm still amazed of how the plot sucks),-0.5
(,"Oh the hilarity! Oh the joy! Another film that is so bad it's good! Or),-3.0
(,"Omen IV (1991) was a bad made-for-T.V. movie. Since the 80's were over),-3.0
(,"On first watching this film it is hard to know quite what has happened),-1.0
(,"One of the more lucid statements against the death penalty ever filmed),-2.0
(,"Poor Shirley MacLaine tries hard to lend some gravitas to this mawkish),-1.0
(,"Some people seem to think this was the worst movie they have ever seen),-3.0
(,"Sorry to say but was disappointed in the film. It was very very rushed),-2.0
(,"Synopsis: Andreas (Trond Fausa Aurvaag) finds himself alone on a coach),-2.0
(,"The story of a little girl who was driven once by fear and now by pain),-2.0
(,"The worst movie I've seen in a long time. This whole thing rings false),-3.0
(,"There no doubt in one mined that this movie is stupid and unfunny joke),-0.5
(,"This is a silly movie with much singing and dancing. Acting is average),-1.0
(,"This is without doubt the worst movie i have ever seen. And believe me),-2.0
(,"This may or may not be the worst movie that Steve Martin has ever made),-3.0
(,"This movie gives a cinematic example of the word worthless. It's awful),-3.0
(,"This movie was like a bad indie with A-list talent. The plot was silly),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Very disappointing version of Lorna Doone. Too many missing characters),-2.0
(,"Vivah is by no means a classic. However in the days of hardcore action),-1.0
(,"When The Matrix appeared in 1999 and questioned existence and identity),-1.0
(,"When my own child is begging me to leave the opening show of this film),-1.0
(,"While not as bad as some movies (like the horrible ""Atomic Twister"")),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Without question one of the most embarrassing productions of the 1970s),-2.0
(,"""Mararía"" really disappointed me. I can't consider it as a bad movie),-2.5
(,"...from this awful movie! There are so many things wrong with this film),-2.5
(,"A movie this dumb should never see the light of day. The acting is lame),-2.5
(,"Beethovan Lives Upstairs is a very bad movie. In my World History class),-3.0
(,"Butch the peacemaker? Evidently. After the violent beginning with Spike),-3.0
(,"Certainly one of the dozen or so worst movies ever released in any form),-3.0
(,"Crash is supposed to be a film about racism in Los Angeles. But in fact),-3.0
(,"Despite some negative comments this film has garnered in the IMDb pages),-2.0
(,"How Tasty Was My Little Frenchman tells a story that is alternately sad),-2.0
(,"I agree with the last reviewer that this movie had terrible acting. Yes),-1.0
(,"I already know that critics and some audiences say that it was a satire),-2.0
(,"I am a current A.S.L. Student & was forced to watch this movie in class),-1.0
(,"I don't know what the critics were viewing when this movie was released),-2.0
(,"I don't think you can get much worse then this. Put together bad actors),-3.0
(,"I don't want to bore everyone by reiterating what has already been said),-0.5
(,"I grew up with scooby(kinda the re-runs of where are you)I hate scrappy),-3.0
(,"I happened to have seen this movie this morning on TCM. Very bad acting),-3.0
(,"I managed to avoid reading Hemingway in college. From what I could tell),-1.0
(,"I must admit that this is the type of film that I would normally eschew),-1.0
(,"I saw this movie alone when i was an early teen in my hometown in India),-2.0
(,"I suppose that to say this is an all-out terrible movie would be unfair),-2.5
(,"I watched an episode. Yes I sat through the entire miserable experience),-3.0
(,"I'll admit that I don't expect much from a Roger Corman film. Generally),-1.0
(,"I'm sick of the ""open mind"" argument. I'm generally quite open-minded),-2.0
(,"If the term itself were not geographically and semantically meaningless),-2.0
(,"It comes as no surprise that Larisa Shepitko was married to Elem Klimov),-1.0
(,"Let me say this new He-Man cartoon is not destroying childhood memories),-3.0
(,"Life is too short to waste on two hours of Hollywood nonsense like this),-0.3333333333333333
(,"National Lampoon's Dorm Daze is easily the worst movie I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"Not bad performances. Whoopi plays the wise/warm role quite well. Still),-3.0
(,"On paper this movie has some chops: a street kid overcoming past trauma),-3.0
(,"One of the worst movies I've ever seen!!! Absolutely awful. Poor acting),-3.0
(,"The director has no clue. I know ... That is the obvious comment. Maybe),-1.0
(,"There really are no redeeming factors about this show. To put it simply),-1.0
(,"This Movie is complete crap! Avoid this waste of celluloid at all costs),-1.0
(,"This film is hard to knock. It follows in the tradition of Pulp Fiction),-1.0
(,"This gawd-awful piece of tripe is all over the place. The script is bad),-3.0
(,"This is a catastrophe movie set in London . Starting multiple hurricane),-3.0
(,"This is absolutely the worst movie I've seen all year.<br /><br />First),-3.0
(,"This is an extremely boring film. If you grew up during the Vietnam Was),-3.0
(,"This is the story of a young woman seduced and then dumped by her older),-1.5
(,"This movie was not only disappointing to the horror/suspense film lover),-2.0
(,"This really was the worst movie I have ever seen. Michael Vartan is hot),-3.0
(,"This series is one of the worst shows I have ever seen. Terrible acting),-3.0
(,"Words cannot express how poor this film is.<br /><br />There is no plot),-1.5
(,"too bad this movie isn't. While ""Nemesis Game"" is mildly entertaining),-0.5
(,"""Nada"" was the most inadequate follow-up to ""Les NOces Rouges"" which),-2.0
(,"""Showtime"" falls somewhere north of what some critics have been saying),-2.0
(,"A bunch of mostly obnoxious and grossly unappealing teens go to a creepy),-3.0
(,"A film to divide its viewers. Just criticism points at its funereal pace),-2.0
(,"After a long hard night being partied away at the Walkabout in Islington),-1.0
(,"After the initial shock of realizing the guts of Mr Branagh to film this),-2.0
(,"All these reviewers are spot on. I've seen many bad films over the years),-3.0
(,"Although I could sum this pathetic episode of Night gallery in two words),-2.0
(,"American war movie fans might be bored out of their skulls by this movie),-2.0
(,"An archaeologist (Casper Van Dien) stumbles accidentally upon an ancient),-2.0
(,"As a true lover of film I must advise you to avoid this appalling effort),-0.3333333333333333
(,"As long as you go into this movie knowing that it's terrible: bad acting),-3.0
(,"During the first 3 seasons Fairly Odd Parents was as tasty as hard candy),-1.0
(,"For those who are too young to know this or for those who have forgotten),-1.0
(,"I am completely into this type of story line but once the movie fired up),-2.0
(,"I bought this movie at a garage sale when I was like 15. I hated it then),-0.5
(,"I challenge you to watch this film and deny the above statement. That is),-1.5
(,"I did enjoy watching Squire Trelane jerk around the crew in this episode),-0.5
(,"I get teased all the time by family and friends for my tears over movies),-2.0
(,"I suppose bad Laurel and Hardy is better than no Laurel and Hardy at all),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I thought this movie was going to be a disgrace to the series. After all),-2.0
(,"I was initially dubious about this movie (merely because of the subject)),-2.0
(,"I'm torn about this show. While MOST parts of it I found to be HILARIOUS),-2.0
(,"If you are the sort of person who can get a kick out of a very bad movie),-3.0
(,"If you believe that any given war movie can make you really feel the war),-2.0
(,"If you want to see a Horror Film which is Horrible and in very bad taste),-1.0
(,"Many mystery stories follow the standard whodunit path: murder most foul),-2.0
(,"Pitch Black is a survival story. It's about how to survive in an hostile),-2.0
(,"SYNOPSIS The future as seen from 1939 England. As war loomed over Europe),-1.5
(,"Take an utterly stupid story. Couple it with unprofessional performances),-2.0
(,"Thank you Hollywood. Yet another movie classic utterly ruined by a cheap),-2.0
(,"The first half hour of ""Homegrown"" was rather boring and not absorbing),-3.0
(,"The movie is about two stories: one is a political murder of a call-girl),-2.0
(,"The title is a reference to the destruction of the remnants of a harvest),-3.0
(,"This film struck me as a project that had a lot of the right ingredients),-1.0
(,"This is exactly the type of film that frustrates me the most. Great cast),-2.0
(,"This is not a bad movie. It follows the new conventions of modern horror),-3.0
(,"This is one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen... Unfortunately),-3.0
(,"This is what movies should aspire to. Funny without being totally stupid),-2.0
(,"This isn't one of those reviews about poor special effects or technology),-2.0
(,"This movie has the distinction of being the worst movie I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This movie is actually worse than most movies I've ever suffered through),-3.0
(,"This movie really proves that the world is all too often an unfair place),-2.0
(,"This movie really shows its age. The print I saw was terrible due to age),-3.0
(,"This was just an awful movie. I've watched it once when I was roughly 12),-3.0
(,"Three scumbags get their just deserts after wasting their lives in greed),-2.5
(,"When you look back at another bad Nightmare sequel like Freddy's Revenge),-0.5
(,"While driving in a dangerous zigzag manner on a lonely road in the night),-2.0
(,"While traveling with a team of misses for the dispute of the Miss Galaxy),-2.0
(,"While watching this movie I was frustrated and distracted and by the end),-2.0
(,"You know what you are getting when you purchase a Hallmark card. A sappy),-1.0
(,"and I still don't know where the hell this movie is going? I mean really),-4.0
(,"""Shuttle"" is/was more than a boring movie that had an interesting start),-0.5
(,"""The Thomas Crown Affair"" is a terrible remake of a not-very-good movie),-3.0
(,"...dislike this movie and everyone would understand why. The plot is poor),-2.0
(,"A text prologue warns us that we should not allow evil to enter our house),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Anyone who has said that it's better than Hostel is talking complete crap),-0.5
(,"Anyone who rates this movie above a 3 has a very distorted view of movies),-2.0
(,"Following the World War II Japanese attack on U.S. forces at Pearl Harbor),-1.0
(,"For those who loved ""Wayne's World""...""The Blues Brothers""...and hell),-0.5
(,"Giant crabs cursing in Japanese? What was in that drink? A terrible movie),-3.0
(,"Grand Canyon is a very strange bird. It's a completely unique urban piece),-1.0
(,"How the hell did they get this made?! Presenting itself as a caper comedy),-1.5
(,"I admit I've only seen about three of Shakespeare's plays (Romeo & Juliet),-1.0
(,"I can't remember when I've seen a worse movie. The acting was overwrought),-3.0
(,"I could not believe how awful this film was; I rarely watch commercial TV),-3.0
(,"I decided to watch this show and give it a go but I found it to be boring),-3.0
(,"I first saw this mini-series as a child and though I am a child no longer),-1.0
(,"I grew up watching Full House as a child. I stopped watching it for years),-1.0
(,"I have to say this is the worst movie that I have ever watched in my life),-3.0
(,"I just finished watching this horribly depressing drama and realized that),-2.0
(,"I regret every single second of the time I lost while watching this movie),-2.5
(,"I usually try to be professional and constructive when I criticize movies),-2.0
(,"I was a little afraid when I went to the cinema to see this movie. Indeed),-2.0
(,"I'd have to admit that the draw of this movie is director Eduardo Sanchez),-1.0
(,"I've always thought that Cinderella II was the worst movie I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"I've never seen a movie get a worse release then this. And that's a shame),-2.5
(,"I've no idea what dimwit from San Francisco came up with this stupid plot),-1.5
(,"If you feel Reshammiya as the singer is too much of a pain to watch on TV),-2.0
(,"It's hard to believe an ""action"" packed Jet Li movie could be so boring),-2.0
(,"It's hard to say what was the worst thing about this show: the bad acting),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Ivan Reitman is something of a savior. The most tired plots (Ghostbusters),-2.0
(,"Jesus Franco is pretty hit or miss on his films & I'd say this was a miss),-1.0
(,"Like those who listened to radio reports about the attack on Pearl Harbor),-1.0
(,"Not to be confused with Michael Ritchie's nasty 1975 beauty pageant spoof),-2.5
(,"One of Fuller's (a combat veteran himself) early works of average quality),-1.0
(,"One of the worst films I have ever had the displeasure of sitting through),-3.0
(,"Orson Welles' 1974 documentary ""F for Fake"" examines trickery and fraud),-3.0
(,"Reports of this film's brilliance appear to have been greatly exaggerated),-2.0
(,"Reviewing KAZAAM and saying it's a bad movie isn't hard at all--after all),-2.0
(,"Sandra Bullock is my favorite actress..... But this movie was so horrible),-0.5
(,"Set in and near a poor working class town in the mountains of rural Italy),-2.0
(,"Spike Milligan's books and plays have defeated film makers over the years),-2.0
(,"The Wayward Cloud is a frustrating film to watch. Infuriatingly enigmatic),-2.0
(,"The real story (took place in Kansas in 1959) of a murder (Perry and Dick),-2.0
(,"The story takes place in rural Germany on the eve of the second world war),-2.0
(,"The worst movie I have seen since Tera Jadoo Chal Gaya. There is no story),-2.0
(,"There's the danger with the critic/philosopher Slavoj Zizek with his film),-2.0
(,"This film is about a struggling actor trying to find satisfaction in life),-2.0
(,"This film is absolute trash and proceeds to become even worse towards the),-3.0
(,"This film simply has no redeeming features. The story is incomprehensible),-1.0
(,"This movie is the biggest waste of nine dollars that I've spent in a very),-1.0
(,"This movie sucks ass. Something about a heatwave in some European country),-3.0
(,"Timberlake's performance almost made attack the screen. It wasn't all bad),-2.0
(,"What the hell is this!? That was my first reaction to this film (actually),-4.0
(,"Will all of you please lay the hell off Todd Sheets!?! Let's give you $30),-1.5
(,"Wow. I read about this movie and it sounded so awful that I had to see it),-3.0
(,"Yes I admit I cried during this movie. It was so incredibly disappointing),-1.6666666666666667
(,"You remember the Spice Girls movie and how bad it was (besides the songs)),-3.0
(,"this is a dreadful adaption of Charles Kingsley's story. The animation is),-3.0
(,"""Masters of Horror"" has proved itself a poor arena for 'message episodes),-2.0
(,"A few minutes in: ""NOT credible. What idiot wrote this?"" <br /><br />But),-3.0
(,"After watching the first 20mn of Blanche(sorry I couldn't take more of it)),-1.0
(,"Ah the sci-fi channel. How often do you disappoint me? Quite often I think),-2.0
(,"Although this small film kind of got lost in the wake of On The Waterfront),-0.5
(,"David Webb Peoples meets Paul Anderson...if it already sounds weird to you),-2.0
(,"Dr. McCoy and Mr. Spock find themselves trapped in a planet's past Ice Age),-2.0
(,"Here we have 2 misunderstood kids who never stood a chance against a cruel),-1.0
(,"How many disaster movies can there be before we get tired of them. Come on),-2.0
(,"I can't say that Wargames: The Dead Code is the worst movie I've ever seen),-3.0
(,"I have not seen and heard the original version.<br /><br />I am no Russian),-1.0
(,"I just cant see what everyone sees in this movie. The acting is just awful),-3.0
(,"I really enjoyed this movie. Yes there was disrespect throughout the movie),-2.0
(,"I tried as hard as I could to sit all the way through this irritating mess),-2.0
(,"If you are in to bad movies for the entertainment of witnessing bad movies),-3.0
(,"In the funeral of the famous British journalist Joe Strombel (Ian McShane)),-1.0
(,"It would be wrong and reprehensible of me to advise you to watch Killjoy 2),-2.0
(,"Low budget horror about an evil force. Hard to believe in this day and age),-3.0
(,"Music videos are often completely disregarded in any discussion about film),-2.0
(,"My main problem with the film is that it goes on too long. Other then that),-2.0
(,"Oh my god! This movie insults the intelligence of everybody. I mean really),-2.0
(,"One of the worst films I have ever seen! After watching it i walk out like),-0.5
(,"Ouch!! What a mess we have here. Not so much of a mess as a painfully dull),-2.0
(,"Perhaps I missed the meeting when the meaning of ""B-movie"" was explained),-2.0
(,"Publicity for this film suggests that it is shocking and sensational. Well),-2.0
(,"Punctuating the opening credits sequence is a swarthy man having a strange),-1.0
(,"Return of the Boogyman is a dreadful movie which doesn't play like a movie),-0.5
(,"Taking old collection of stories poses a challenge for the production team),-1.0
(,"The St. Francisville Experiment claims ""this ain't no walk in the woods""),-1.0
(,"The name of this film alone made me want to see just what it was all about),-0.5
(,"The reason this is such a bad movie is because it is so very badly written),-3.0
(,"There are enough sad stories about women and their oppression by religious),-2.0
(,"There is a lot of crap coming out of Hollywood lately.<br /><br />A friend),-3.0
(,"This is simply the funniest movie I've seen in a long time. The bad acting),-3.0
(,"This is the biggest piece of crap ever. It looks like they spent more time),-0.5
(,"This is the worst movie I have ever seen. If I wasn't watching it for free),-1.0
(,"This is without question one of the worst movies I have ever seen. However),-3.0
(,"This movie is stuffed full of stock Horror movie goodies: chained lunatics),-3.0
(,"This terrible moovie is fun on many levels - the moost obvious is the lame),-0.3333333333333333
(,"UK-born Australian helmer Alex Frayne calls for attention with his strange),-1.0
(,"What an atrocity. I am not one to demand total verisimilitude from a movie),-1.0
(,"What often gets overlooked in Agatha Christie's stories is her progressive),-1.0
(,"With awful movies like this one being even considered let alone being made),-1.0
(,"Without a doubt this is the WORSE comicbook movie every made. PERIOD!! Yes),-1.0
(,"Words can scarcely describe this movie. Loaded with ridiculous stereotypes),-3.0
(,"Yes. I'll admit it. I believed all the hype surrounding this piece of work),-1.0
(,"this animated Inspector Gadget movie is pretty lame.the story is very weak),-0.5
(,"well after watching this i can say that it ain't the worst movie ever made),-3.0
(,"A man is wrongfully accused of killing his friend in an aircraft plant fire),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Awesomely improbable and foolish potboiler that at least has some redeeming),-2.0
(,"Bar some of the questionable acting (there musicians at the end of the day)),-2.0
(,"Carla Gugino literally melts the screen in this crime caper. Her sex appeal),-3.0
(,"Director J.S. Cardone presents something a little scary and a little creepy),-2.0
(,"Elizabeth Taylor never could act at all and she was just her usual annoying),-2.0
(,"Friday the 13th meets the Matrix. As with all of these stupid horror movies),-2.0
(,"I always try not to be harsh while criticizing something that I didn't like),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I did not like this film at all: The scenario is boring - and after a while),-0.5
(,"I felt cheated out of knowing the whole story. While there could be a twist),-3.0
(,"I frequently comment on the utter dirth of truly scary movies on the market),-2.0
(,"I have seen many many movies and this just totally blew my mind. The trauma),-3.0
(,"I know that the original Psycho was a classic and remaking it was a mistake),-2.0
(,"I liked this quite a bit but I have friends that hated this. There's no sex),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I still remember when Frog Baseball first aired on MTV. In some sort of odd),-2.0
(,"I stopped watching this film half way through. It was just terrible! Boring),-1.0
(,"Rented this one by mistake thinking it was another film with the same title),-2.0
(,"Set in 1976 for no apparent reason other than to keep the set dressers busy),-1.0
(,"So boring you'll fall asleep after the 20 first minutes. Sorry Mr Boutonnat),-3.0
(,"Tarentino should be ashamed to be involved with this awful film. The acting),-2.5
(,"The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael is bad film in every way. The script),-3.0
(,"The film is severely awful and is demeaning to rape victims. On the surface),-3.5
(,"The problem with ""The Killer Elite"" is that just by seeking this film out),-2.0
(,"The year 1983 saw a strange phenomenon; two rival Bond films. ""Octopussy""),-1.0
(,"There are some elements that save this movie from being a total catastrophe),-0.5
(,"These critics need to find a new job!!! This movie is based on a TRUE STORY),-2.0
(,"This is without question the worst screen adaptation of a Stephen King work),-3.0
(,"This movie is bad. I don't just mean 'bad' as in; ""Oh the script was bad""),-3.0
(,"This very loose retelling of Carmen begins on a high note with a smoldering),-3.0
(,"This was one of the biggest pieces of crap I have ever had to watch. I mean),-3.0
(,"Very rarely do I give less rave reviews on a show or film I dislike on IMDb),-2.0
(,"Watch the 1936 version. As personally annoying I find Charles Boyer's voice),-2.0
(,"What can I say about a movie as bad as this? The people who made this movie),-3.0
(,"When a hardworking entrepreneur is rejected from a prestigious country club),-1.0
(,"this video is 100% retarded. besides the brain cell killing acting and plot),-3.0
(,"""Read My Lips"" tells of a strange symbiosis which develops between a plain),-1.0
(,"*SOILER* It's fake! The whole thing is a fake! There is no ghosts or zombies),-1.0
(,"<br /><br />Headlines warn us of the current campaign to demonize drug users),-2.0
(,"A very moving and thought provoking film that raises issues of mental health),-1.0
(,"After watching Oldboy I was a little disappointed by the rest of Park's work),-2.0
(,"Although I can understand the bad things someone has to say about this movie),-3.0
(,"An intelligent summation of Cold War era mutually assured destruction policy),-0.5
(,"Crossfire is one of those films from the Forties that is crying for a remake),-2.0
(,"Dane tries to hard and is to extreme with all of his yelling and going crazy),-1.5
(,"DeCoteau has to be one of the worst ""directors"" working today in any genre),-3.0
(,"Despite the fact that he worked for the worst government of the 20th century),-3.0
(,"First of all this movie starts out on a really dumb note: A 10-year-old girl),-3.0
(,"Foolish hikers go camping in the Utah mountains only to run into a murderous),-3.0
(,"I couldn't believe some of the horrible dialog coming out of people's mouths),-3.0
(,"I couldn't relate to this film. It failed to engage me either intellectually),-0.5
(,"I don't recall a film which so deftly shows the emotional destruction of war),-2.5
(,"I don't understand jokes. I do believe this is my problem with modern cinema),-2.0
(,"I normally only write reviews for movies I really hated or really liked. And),-3.0
(,"I saw this at the BendFilm Festival Friday amid an unsettled crowd of people),-1.0
(,"I still can't believe this movie. They got so much unbelievable things in it),-1.0
(,"I stopped by BB and picked up 4 zombie flicks to watch over the weekend. Now),-1.0
(,"I will admit I didn't pay full attention to everything going on in this film),-1.0
(,"It is hard to imagine anyone making a Tom Cruise film look good; hard indeed),-1.0
(,"It's hard to tell if Noonan and Marshall are trying to ape Abbott & Costello),-1.0
(,"Just another film that exploits gratuitous frontal male nudity; awful acting),-2.5
(,"Normally I wouldn't go to the trouble of commenting on a horror movie sequel),-2.0
(,"Some giant scorpions are on a submarine and kill everybody. Two months later),-3.0
(,"Sometimes it's hard to judge how bad a film made in Italy or Spain really is),-2.0
(,"Terrible movie. If there is one Turkish film you should avoid seeing in 2006),-1.0
(,"The NYT review says that Sigourney Weaver's character is taut and frustrated),-2.0
(,"The episode begins with scenes of a dead woman bather washed up on the shore),-3.0
(,"This film is actually pertinent even today given the threat of bio-terrorism),-2.0
(,"This film is so ridiculously idiot that you may actually laugh at it. But no),-1.0
(,"This has got to be one of the worst movies ever made. Even for a biker movie),-3.0
(,"This has got to be the WORSE move I've EVER seen!!!!! It was not only boring),-3.0
(,"This is a terrible film. Angie Dickenson is a class act and always does well),-3.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time. Not just the story),-3.0
(,"This movie is a shame especially considering Andrzej Wajda is not an amateur),-2.0
(,"This was a disappointing film for me. It came to me via a boxed set entitled),-0.5
(,"This was a new alltime low among westerns. The writing is excruciatingly bad),-3.0
(,"This was honestly the worst movie i have ever seen. the acting was god awful),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Very much a film from the times -- extremely long sequences with no dialogue),-1.0
(,"Way too many Christian films become centered around the fear of the Judgment),-2.0
(,"What a complete waste of time. The movie starts as a clone of the Saw series),-1.0
(,"What people fail to understand about this movie is that it isn't a beginning),-2.0
(,"Why the crap is this movie rated so low?! I've seen this movie over 25 times),-3.0
(,"Why this worthless piece of French cinema has garnered any sort of attention),-2.0
(,"Will Farmer (Lanter) plays a computer game that simulates a terrorist attack),-1.0
(,"Words really can't describe how bad this film is. I thought Zandalee was bad),-3.0
(,"directed by albert pyun in his inimitably awful but strangely hypnotic style),-2.0
(,"...And that's why hard to rate. <br /><br />From the adult point of view (hmm),-1.0
(,"A drifter looking for a job is mistaken for a hit man in a small Wyoming town),-2.0
(,"A movie has rarely left me as cold as this one. There is not a bit of tension),-1.0
(,"After seeing a heavily censored version of this movie on television years ago),-2.0
(,"After wasting 2 hours of my life watching this movie on late night television),-2.0
(,"Although it has been a failure in movie theaters because mainly Mylene Farmer),-2.0
(,"As you can see I've submitted 2 comments about this show since 1991....and no),-1.0
(,"Aside for being classic in the aspect of its cheesy lines and terrible acting),-3.0
(,"Bad sequels.....this one's a real one! When the first movie was very very bad),-3.0
(,"Christian Propaganda...Lots of fear mongering...<br /><br />This is not SciFi),-2.0
(,"Completely ridiculous ""period"" film is only a thin excuse for its extensive),-2.0
(,"Considering the risk of showing same-sex relationships before the late 1980's),-2.0
(,"Don't bother trying to watch this terrible mini series. It is a six hour bore),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Don't waste your time and money on it. It's not quite as bad as ""Adrenalin""),-2.0
(,"For those who like their films full of exploding planets and extreme violence),-0.5
(,"I am not surprised to find user comments for this film full of gushy nonsense),-2.0
(,"I found this film extremely disturbing. Treadwell is delusional and disturbed),-2.0
(,"I have passed several times on watching this since I figured it was some dumb),-3.0
(,"I think everyone was quite disappointed with this sci-fi flick. For one thing),-2.0
(,"I was disgusted by this movie. No it wasn't because of the graphic sex scenes),-3.0
(,"I watched the premiere of ""Path to Paradise"" way back and was stunned by it),-2.0
(,"I would not deny that I have quite enjoyed watching any Japanese horror films),-2.0
(,"I'm a Christian. I have always been skeptical about movies made by Christians),-2.0
(,"I'm sure there is a documentary amongst the ruins of this Yawn-fest somewhere),-2.0
(,"If you and your friends find as much humor and enjoyment from horrible acting),-0.5
(,"Just when you think that you've seen the worst the zombie sub-genre can offer),-3.0
(,"Let's see where to begin... bad acting; I'm not sure if I'd even call it that),-3.0
(,"Maybe it's just because I have an intense fear of hospitals and medical stuff),-0.5
(,"My first opinions on this movie were of course bad.I was expecting a horrible),-3.0
(,"Sorry. Someone has to say it. This really is/was a dull movie. Worthy perhaps),-2.0
(,"Strained and humorless (especially in light of its rather dubious psychology)),-2.0
(,"Surely no Saturday morning TV kids' show was ever done this poorly. After all),-1.0
(,"Thanks to the BBC for this show. I used to suffer from an inferiority complex),-2.0
(,"The Girl in Lovers Lane is one strange little low-budget film. On its surface),-1.0
(,"The Lady From Shanghai is weird even by the standards of its eminent director),-2.0
(,"The thing that stands out in my mind in this film (sadly) is the introduction),-2.0
(,"There are just so many things wrong with this movie.<br /><br />To begin with),-2.0
(,"There is no reason to watch this film.<br /><br />Why? Many reasons. First up),-1.0
(,"This film is not deserved of the next few minutes I will spend criticizing it),-2.0
(,"This film is the worst excuse for a motion picture I have EVER seen. To begin),-2.0
(,"This is a gripping story that borrows elements from the Kennedy assassination),-3.0
(,"This is a movie that i can watch over and over and never ever get tired of it),-2.0
(,"This is a stupid movie. Like a lot of these karate movies it is badly written),-2.5
(,"This is probably the worst movie I've seen in a long time. Independent or not),-3.0
(,"This is the absolutely worst show in the history of Nickelodeon. First of all),-3.0
(,"This is the worst movie I have seen to date. 85 minutes of utterly bad acting),-3.0
(,"This is the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. This is saying quite a bit),-3.0
(,"This movie sucked. It really was a waste of my life. The acting was atrocious),-1.0
(,"This woman never stops talking throughout the movie. She memorized every line),-1.0
(,"What I miss most of all in this film is that it lets no place for imagination),-1.5
(,"When I saw the elaborate DVD box for this and the dreadful Red Queen figurine),-3.0
(,"i can't figure out who greenlighted this thing! it has no redeeming qualities),-1.0
(,"""Ordinary Decent Criminal"" is sort of based on the exploits of Martin Cahill),-2.0
(,"...and it is this film. I imagine that if indeed there is a negative afterlife),-2.0
(,"A hundred miles away from the scene of a grizzly murder in small town American),-2.0
(,"A movie theater with a bad history of past gruesome murders reopens. Of course),-2.5
(,"Elizabeth Ashley is receiving phone calls from her nephew Michael--he's crying),-2.0
(,"Excellent documentary that still manages to shock and enlighten. Unfortunately),-2.0
(,"Grieving couple move to a cabin on a mountain after the loss of their daughter),-3.0
(,"I broke my own rule buying this movie from the $5.88 bin at Walmart. Basically),-1.0
(,"I don't know why critics cal it bizarre and macabre. I really don't. Dark -yes),-2.0
(,"I mean seriously what group would sing about a crazy car? So what if their ten),-2.0
(,"I never want to see this movie again!<br /><br />Not only is it dreadfully bad),-1.0
(,"I turned this off within the first five minutes. It's very sick and disturbing),-2.0
(,"I voted 8 for this movie because of some minor childish flaws. Other than that),-2.0
(,"I've found the movie offensive for Americans which lost somebody in the towers),-3.0
(,"In another of the dreadful horror films I seem so masochistically attracted to),-1.0
(,"It's difficult to make it through this movie without choking on your own vomit),-1.5
(,"Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hit-man. Or a ""facilitator of fatalities""),-3.0
(,"Lame rip-off of THE QUATERMASS XPERIMENT (1955): the first half is deadly dull),-2.0
(,"Okay so there were the odd hole in the plot you could drive a zeppelin through),-2.0
(,"So.. what can I tell you about this movie. If you cheated a lot in high school),-3.0
(,"Steve Carell has made a career out of portraying the slightly odd straight guy),-0.5
(,"Ten years ago I really wanted to see this movie on the cinema. But I missed it),-2.0
(,"The DVD sleeve explains the premise: ""Three problem teens are headed for jail),-2.0
(,"The volleyball genre is strangely overlooked by most screenwriters. Thankfully),-1.0
(,"This could well be the worst film I've ever seen. Despite what Mikshelt claims),-3.0
(,"This film has to rank down there with Ed Wood films. A terrible script and bad),-3.0
(,"This has to be the most boring movie I ever sat through. It is dreary and drab),-2.5
(,"This is film-making at it's simplest and it's best.<br /><br />I had my doubts),-1.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time. The story was boring),-3.0
(,"This movie is a waste of time and money. Throughout the entire hour and a half),-1.0
(,"This movie is difficult to watch in our fast-paced culture of the 21st century),-1.0
(,"This movie is one reason IMDB should allow a vote of 0/10. The acting is awful),-1.0
(,"This must be the worst thriller I have seen in a long long time. The directing),-3.0
(,"Trailers of this movie may show scenes of violence or non mainstream sexuality),-3.0
(,"What a waste of time! I've tried to sit through 'Sky Captain.."" about 6 times),-1.0
(,"What a waste of time. I got about five minutes into it and became *very* antsy),-1.0
(,"Where the hell are all these uncharted islands where prehistoric monsters lurk),-2.5
(,"Yep.. this is definatly up there with some of the worst of the MSTifyed movies),-3.0
(,"almost every review of this movie I'd seen was pretty bad. It's not pretty bad),-0.3333333333333333
(,"this is what confuses me about critics and their opinion. i usually do take in),-2.0
(,"what a shame our first movie is so bad .............................. hi sham ),-2.5
(,"""The Twins Effect"" is the worst movie I've seen! Not only is the support weak),-1.0
(,"(Some Spoilers) Facing a mid-life crisis and fed up with his marriage to Cindy ),-3.0
(,"A most awaited film of the year 2002. After three and half years of hibernation),-1.0
(,"Although it's most certainly politically incorrect to be entertained by a drunk),-2.0
(,"Any movie that has nude scenes of Karen Allen and I'm still so bored I walk out),-2.0
(,"At what point does a film become so bad it's good? Compelling in it's awfulness),-3.0
(,"Guinea Pig: The Devil's Experiment is without a doubt ***** stars on first view),-1.0
(,"Having never heard of this film until I saw the rental DVD I as a bit sceptical),-2.0
(,"Having ran across this film on the Fox movie channel on a lazy Friday afternoon),-1.0
(,"Hooray for Korean cinema! Last year I saw ""Chungyang"" and ""Nowhere to hide""),-1.0
(,"How can any of you call this propaganda a family film. This is nothing but a PC),-2.0
(,"How can you go wrong with a film that mixes the sophistication of Peter Cushing),-2.0
(,"I admit to being in awe of the Sea and have spent a number of years in the Navy),-1.0
(,"I always tell people that ""Enchanted April"" is an adult movie with no cussing),-1.0
(,"I cannot accept the negative comments of other reviewers. They are too critical),-0.5
(,"I don't know any idiotic rock'n'roll cliché not used in this movie. Ouffcourz ),-3.0
(,"I don't remember seeing another murder/mystery movie as bad as this. This movie),-3.0
(,"I watched this movie. To the end. And that was really not easy. It is so boring),-3.0
(,"It seems there's a bit of a curse out there when it comes to gay cinema. Namely),-1.0
(,"It's a shame that such a lame plot should be hung on such picturesque locations),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Mark Hamill should have felt mighty embarrassed with CORVETTE SUMMER! This time),-2.0
(,"Maximally manipulative Anabel Sims (Betsy Drake) sets out to trap her ideal man),-1.0
(,"Not to be confused with the Resse Witherspoon high school film of the same name),-2.0
(,"One of the worst things a film studio can do is exploit the tragedies of others),-2.5
(,"Philippe Garrel makes us breathe the forgotten atmosphere of the Nouvelle Vague),-1.0
(,"SERIES 1<br /><br />As the UK eagerly awaits the launch of series two of 'Lost'),-1.0
(,"Somebody mastered the difficult task of merging sports with romance. In reality),-1.0
(,"Spoilers abound. You have been warned.<br /><br />I was thoroughly disappointed),-2.0
(,"The Dekalog 5 may be considered a violent accusation against the death sentence),-2.25
(,"The other reviewer was completely correct about this one. The writing was awful),-3.0
(,"This film is without a doubt the worst action film I have ever seen. I am sorry),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This film really misses the mark on most fronts. The accents are laughably weak),-2.0
(,"This film was pure trash. Not the worse film ever. If it were to be broken down),-2.0
(,"This is a well-worn story about a man who marries to escape the hangman's noose),-1.0
(,"This is the film in Antonioni's middle period that most critics dismiss quickly),-2.0
(,"This is the type of movie where it actually hurts to acknowledge that it really),-2.0
(,"This was a terrible film. There was no story line whatsoever. To top it all off),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This was by far the worst movie I've ever seen. And thats compared to Alexander),-3.0
(,"Wait... wait... wait... wait... wait... wait..... WHAT!? This movie is terrible),-3.0
(,"You might be a bit confused if you watch this silly made-for from the beginning),-1.5
(,"""Submerged"" is definitely NOT ""the worst movie ever"". It does have its flaws),-3.0
(,"A friend warned me that this was the worst movie he had ever seen. I was curious),-1.3333333333333333
(,"A group of teens decide to take their slumber party to an abandoned school where),-2.0
(,"A lonely depressed French boy Mathieu (Jeremie Elkaim) on vacation in the summer),-2.0
(,"A real surprise. Not exactly family entertainment from ""Disney"". Some violence),-3.0
(,"Absolutely one of the worst movies of all time.<br /><br />Low production values),-3.0
(,"Although the film is the adaptation of the French play (forgot the name - sorry)),-1.0
(,"Another of many nearly forgotten movies cranked out by Poverty Row in the 1930's),-1.0
(,"Before I give Spike Lee's mess of a film SUMMER OF SAM a well-deserved thrashing),-2.0
(,"Beverly garland was born in the wrong time. She was an actress ahead of her time),-2.0
(,"Considering the appalling track record of Mick Molloy since going out on his own),-2.0
(,"Do you hear that sound? That's the sound of H.G. Wells rolling over in his grave),-2.0
(,"Don't kill me fans but I have something to say about this.<br /><br />Pros: Well),-3.0
(,"Following the pleasingly atmospheric original and the amusingly silly second one),-1.0
(,"From the start this film drags and drags. Clumsy overdubs explaining the history),-1.0
(,"I am sorry to fans of this film but it is the worst thing i have ever seen. Slow),-2.0
(,"I can remember a college professor commenting as to how disturbing this film was),-2.0
(,"I cannot believe I let myself rent that piece of garbage! The acting was so poor),-2.0
(,"I don't really know where to start. The acting in this movie was really terrible),-3.0
(,"I had lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the movie Main Prem Ki Deewani hoon),-1.0
(,"I have no idea what these people were thinking when they made this film. No plot),-1.0
(,"I have to admit that in spite of all media promotion and being nominee for Oscar),-1.0
(,"I truly hate and despise this film and the filmmakers behind it.<br /><br />Sure),-3.0
(,"If Ashanti had been a serious attempt at a film about the institution of slavery),-3.0
(,"In a world in which debatable and misunderstood subjects can be listed endlessly),-2.0
(,"It's hard to make a bad movie with the ""underdog finally succeeds"" sport theme),-2.0
(,"Love trap is a ""must see"" independent film. When I sat down to watch the movie),-1.0
(,"Many people have the irritating habit of dying before completing a vital message),-3.0
(,"No one can say I wasn't warned as I have read the reviews (both user & external)),-2.0
(,"Tempo Di Uccidere (Time To Kill) by Guiliano Montaldo is a bit of a strange film),-1.0
(,"The Danes character finally let's Buddy have the awful truth. """"Leave me alone),-2.5
(,"The film is bad. There is no other way to say it. The story is weak and outdated),-1.5
(,"The first movie of this series was well written and original. This show drags on),-1.0
(,"There is not a speck of entertainment in this entire film. There's not one scary),-2.0
(,"This dumb comedy really does a good job of wasting comedic talent. In particular),-0.25
(,"This film is terrible. Every line is stolen from 8MM (the Italian dubbed version),-2.0
(,"This film was terrible. I have given it the high score of 2 as I have seen worse),-3.0
(,"This has to be one of the worst movies of all time. The graphics were horrendous),-3.0
(,"This is the dreary tale of the self absorbed affair between two unlikable people),-0.5
(,"This movie has everything that makes a bad movie worth watching - sloppy editing),-0.5
(,"This ranks as one of the worst movies I've seen in years. Besides Cuba and Angie),-3.0
(,"This was an atrocious waste of my time. No plot. The acting was so far below par),-1.0
(,"Whoever filled this stupid idea of acting and producing a movie in Himesh's head),-2.0
(,"this movie is honestly the worst piece of rubbish i have ever seen. this is slow),-3.0
(,"""The Cell"" is a rather difficult film to classify. If you read the plot outline),-1.0
(,"... but had to see just how bad it could get. The plotline was thin to begin with),-3.0
(,"<br /><br />A friend of mine enjoys watching the worst films he can possibly find),-0.5
(,"A disappointing film.<br /><br />The story established our protagonist as Chrissy),-2.0
(,"A group of evil businessmen need to knock down a building to build a huge complex),-1.0
(,"A hot-headed cop accidentally kills a murder suspect and then covers up the crime),-2.2
(,"After watching this movie I was honestly disappointed - not because of the actors),-2.0
(,"And a hard spot somewhere else. I haven't seen this movie since i was quite young),-1.0
(,"Apparently the film has a harsh anti-Bush message... If it does (I didn't get it)),-2.0
(,"As Salinger's ""A Perfect Day for Bananafish"" ends with the suicide of a prodigy),-2.0
(,"Beyond a shadow of a doubt Mysterious Planet is one of the worst movies ever made),-2.0
(,"Do not waste your time with this movie. This is a total thrash in terms of acting),-1.0
(,"Dr. Chopper starts shortly after teenager Nicholas' (Robert Adamson) mum has died),-3.0
(,"Extremely pinching vision of a war situation where the couple from Vargtimmen (ok),-0.5
(,"FLAVIA THE HERETIC is a strange entry in the nunsploit genre - equal parts sleaze),-1.0
(,"First I'd like to excuse my bad English.<br /><br />I'm not a HOSTEL-hardcore-fan),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Five Deadly Venoms is not as bloody and violent as Story Of Ricky or Super Ninjas),-3.0
(,"Has to be one of the worst wastes of 35mm movie film ever unleashed on the public),-3.0
(,"Having seen the movie years ago and been disappointed by its squandered potential),-2.0
(,"I am obviously disappointed so I'll be brief and won't waste your time. First off),-1.5
(,"I do not fail to recognize Haneke's above-average film-making skills. For example),-2.0
(,"I don't understand why everyone is hating on Barney. If you hate the show so much),-3.0
(,"I have to admit that I stuck this one out thinking something would have to happen),-1.5
(,"I have to admit that Over Her Dead Body actually wasn't as bad as I was expecting),-2.0
(,"I must have missed a part of this movie... I found myself asking who is this? And),-2.0
(,"I want to warn you that there is a very bittersweet quality to this comment. Also),-0.5
(,"I will admit I possibly missed tiny moments when I wasn't paying proper attention),-1.5
(,"My Take: Steven Seagal is obviously too boring to be a lead in an action thriller),-3.0
(,"My wife invited my son and I to watch this on cable TV on a lazy Saturday evening),-1.0
(,"OK - I gave it a ""3"" just because they obviously had no money to make this film),-1.0
(,"One of my favorite Hartley movies. (As if there could be a ""bad"" one.) Although),-0.5
(,"People criticize NSNA because it is a low-point in Bond god Sean Connery's career),-0.5
(,"Rather nasty piece of business featuring Bela Lugosi as a mad scientist (with yes),-1.6666666666666667
(,"That's how I was when I walked (staggered) out of this ""film"". I couldn't leave),-1.0
(,"This film actually manages to be mindless enjoyment for 2/3 of the journey. Sadly),-2.0
(,"This is a bottom of the barrel type of B-film from one of the poverty row studios),-1.0
(,"This is a truly awful ""B"" movie. It is witless and often embarrassing. The plot),-3.0
(,"This is a well made informative film in the vein of PBS Frontline. The problem is),-2.0
(,"This is absolutely the worst comedy I have ever seen. It's hard to explain though),-1.0
(,"This is definitely the worst movie Adam's ever done but at this point in his life),-3.0
(,"This movie is a shameful result of what happens when:<br /><br />A) It is written),-2.0
(,"To say this film stinks would be insulting to skunks. As the other commenter says),-2.0
(,"Watched on Hulu (far too many commercials!) so it broke the pacing but even still),-1.0
(,"What Bergman has got here is ""What if all that bad stuff happened here in Sweden),-3.0
(,"Where do I begin? I first saw this film in 1995 and had no idea of what to expect),-1.0
(,"You may have serious doubts about watching the third sequel to The Stepford Wifes),-1.0
(,"""The Cellar"" is an intolerably dull and overly child-friendly 80's cheese parade),-2.0
(,"86 wasted minutes of my life. I fell asleep the first time I attempted watching it),-2.0
(,"Because of all the negative reviews of this film I almost didn't watch it. However),-2.0
(,"Being stuck in bed with the flu and feeling too rough to get up to find the remote),-1.0
(,"Blue Planet... Wow... Where do I begin? The years of hard work paid off in what is),-1.0
(,"Here's an oddity: a modern-day film about a serial killer that has no fight scenes),-1.0
(,"I can't believe John died! While filming an episode he collapsed on set! read this),-2.0
(,"I cannot hate on the show. When the old (and better) tech TV had to hit the bricks),-0.5
(,"I don't know if I hate this movie as much as I did when I watched it two weeks ago),-3.0
(,"I find it terribly ironic that ""left wing"" Hollywood continues to hedge its bets),-2.0
(,"I really think that people are taking the wrong approach at this one. First of all),-2.0
(,"I think ""Rosemary's Baby"" is the most overrated horror film out there. Not scary),-2.0
(,"I'm a historian. This movie is so wrong it hurts. Tried to watch with an open mind),-2.0
(,"If you were a director that was looking to cast female victims for a slasher movie),-3.0
(,"Im a die hard Dads Army fan and nothing will ever change that. I got all the tapes),-0.3333333333333333
(,"In case you're a self-acclaimed connoisseur of cult cinema and/or bad movie-making),-3.0
(,"It is very hard to rate this film. As entertainment value for 21st century viewers),-1.0
(,"Seeing as I hate reading long essays hoping to find a point and being disappointed),-1.0
(,"Six students at a convent do the unthinkable - kill a nun who was overbearing. Now),-3.0
(,"The first time I watched this movie I was ten years old. I thought it was bad then),-3.0
(,"There are no spoilers in this review. There's nothing to spoil.<br /><br />No plot),-1.0
(,"There are so many ""Hollywood"" movies made now that are not only torture to watch),-4.0
(,"This film is so bad I can't believe it was actually shot. People who voted 10 or 9),-3.0
(,"This is a hard film to rate. While it truly deserves its 3 (or perhaps even a two)),-1.0
(,"This is one of the best horror movies i've seen in a while. An eerie abandon house),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This is one of those star-filled over-the-top comedies that could a) be hysterical),-3.0
(,"This isn't the video nasty Night of the Demon as there are more than one. Actually),-3.0
(,"This movie is a disaster within a disaster film. It is full of great action scenes),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie is one of the most awful I've ever seen. Not only is the dialogue awful),-3.0
(,"This movie was SO stupid I couldn't believe what I was seeing as I was watching it),-2.0
(,"This was one of the worst films I can remember seeing. I am sure I have seen worse),-3.0
(,"This was so lame that I turned the DVD off...maybe halfway through. It was so weak),-2.0
(,"Though I'd heard that ""Cama de Gato"" was the worst Brazilian movie of the decade),-3.0
(,"What a dire film. I cannot believe that I actually sat down and watched it. A very),-3.0
(,"While HOUSE OF WAX will never be mistaken for Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE or HALLOWEEN),-2.0
(,"i have to rate this movie at a 10. i'm sorry but i think it's classic comedy. then),-1.0
(,"there is no suspense in this serial! When one episode ends the acting is so shoddy),-1.0
(,"this is the worst movie i've ever seen. i'm not kidding. the next time it comes on),-3.0
(,"- Having grown tired of the rat race and cramped living conditions of New York City),-2.0
(,"A confused mess from start to finish. Like they used to say about the Beatles'songs),-2.0
(,"An egotistic major league baseball player is forced to continue his career in Japan),-1.0
(,"Enjoyed the movie very much. Certainly will leave the audience wanting to know more),-1.0
(,"Even with all the cinema dealing with the trauma of the Vietnam War (Jacob's Ladder),-3.0
(,"Famous as the British film so bad it had to be given away for free with a newspaper),-1.0
(,"Good grief I can't even begin to describe how poor this film is. Don't get me wrong),-2.0
(,"Gypo Nolan (Victor McLaglen) is as poor as anyone on Earth. Living in 1920s Ireland),-2.0
(,"Had no idea what I was going to experience viewing this old film from 1940. However),-1.0
(,"Hick Trek is clearly a film that is envious of even an El Mariachi-level budget ($7),-0.5
(,"Ho Hum. Just another flick with Steven Seagal pretending to be some spiritual being),-1.0
(,"I didn't know whether to laugh or cry at this misrepresentation of Canadian history),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I don't think I'll ever understand the hate for Renny Harlin. 'Die Hard 2' was cool),-1.0
(,"I get the feeling that the producers of this mess were out to make the most painful),-0.5
(,"I normally wouldn't waste my time criticizing a useless movie such as this. However),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I sometimes grow weary of reading reviews of some of Hitchcock's lesser known films),-2.0
(,"I think I've seen all of the Grisham movies now and generally they're all very poor),-2.0
(,"I was having just about the worst day of my life. Then I stumbled on this cute film),-0.5
(,"I was one of the many fools who were sapped out into paying for this at the theater),-2.0
(,"I went to see this movie to kill some time. I remember Cole Hauser in ""Tigerland""),-3.0
(,"I'd been postponing purchasing this one ever since its DVD release  for one thing),-1.0
(,"Imagine the most depressing winter you will never experience: grey instead of white),-1.5
(,"It's the story of three brothers pulling together in the midst of hardship and loss),-2.5
(,"Monstrous mother-son-duo (Alice Krige and Brian Krause) sucks life-force of virgins),-3.0
(,"No doubt Frank Sinatra was a talented actor as well as a talented singer. After all),-1.0
(,"Once upon a time some evil people made a movie about a guy that got shot into space),-3.0
(,"One of the five worst movies I have ever watched. And I'm not exaggerating. In fact),-3.0
(,"PLEASE?! If this is about technology and what man does to kill others and ourselves),-3.0
(,"Possibly the worst film within the genre in existence. It was announced as a comedy),-1.0
(,"Royal Rumble 1988 bored me pretty damn good. The rumble itself is pretty uneventful),-1.0
(,"So I rented this from Netflix because somebody gave me Roger Ebert's book ""I hated),-3.0
(,"The Untold... Is one of the worst films I ever saw. The story really seems original),-3.0
(,"This begrudging and angry film is against not just the war during which it was made),-2.5
(,"This episode introduces us to the formal dress uniforms worn here by Captain Picard),-1.0
(,"This has got to go down as almost one of the worst movies of all time. Awful acting),-3.0
(,"This is one lowly film. It has no real plot. We never are made privy to motivations),-1.0
(,"This movie was a waste of the celluloid it was printed on. It is a disastrous scene),-2.0
(,"This was far and away the worst movie i've ever seen in my entire life. It was slow),-3.0
(,"This was one of the worst Wrestlemania's I've seen. It just didn't stand out at all),-3.0
(,"To get in touch with the beauty of this film pay close attention to the sound track),-1.0
(,"Van Dien must cringe with embarrassment at the memory of this ludicrously poor film),-2.0
(,"What do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star who was involved in drugs and murder),-2.0
(,"When a friend once lambasted me for my first movie (a pretty bad videotaped affair)),-1.0
(,"You have to figure that when the star's name is listed wrong in the opening credits),-2.0
(,"jim carrey can do anything. i thought this was going to be some dumb childish movie),-2.5
(,"'Steamboat Willie (1928)' is often erroneously touted as the first Mickey Mouse film),-2.0
(,"... So some people might argue that this can't possible be the worst movie ever made),-3.0
(,"Another slice of darkness and denial hiding beneath the surface of American suburbia),-1.0
(,"Everything a musical comedy should be. Gene Kelly (as Joe Brady) doesn't miss a step),-0.5
(,"First half of the movie scared the hell out of me and normally I'm not easy to scare),-1.75
(,"Going for something far away from the deliberately gross stuff that he usually makes),-2.0
(,"I can't believe how many people hate Hal Sparks! He was my favorite host of the show),-0.5
(,"I must say I was disappointed with this film. Although it is well acted and directed),-2.0
(,"I really don't understand why people get so upset and pan this movie! Remember folks),-2.0
(,"I really enjoyed ""Random Hearts"". It was shocking to see such a low rating on IMDB),-2.0
(,"I thought this film was a poor effort by the British film council - fell flat as hey),-2.0
(,"I was stunned by this film. I have been renting Antonioni's films/rediscovering them),-2.0
(,"I watched this movie for the hot guy--and even he sucked! He was the worst one--well),-3.0
(,"I'll start by apologizing to filmmakers everywhere for using the terms ""filmmaker""),-1.0
(,"It is hard to screw up this story. GREAT book / GOOD Film version from Fred Zinneman),-1.0
(,"It is incredible in that it succeeds in being terrible on so many levels. The script),-3.0
(,"It is not often I watch a film that is as dreadful as this one. I continued to watch),-3.0
(,"It's sometimes difficult to watch such self-avowed ""message films"" from an earlier),-1.0
(,"It's the Sooooouullltakaaaa!<br /><br />Wow. What a skin peeling bad movie. Honestly),-3.0
(,"Mary Pickford becomes the chieftain of a Scottish clan after the death of her father),-2.0
(,"Nominated for the oscar ""worst script ever"" in my opinion. There's no decent story),-2.0
(,"Ok so I was bored and I watched it all the way through.<br /><br />This film is mild),-2.0
(,"Quite typical for swedish movies of this type. Strange that the acting was soooo bad),-3.0
(,"The film concerns a classic theme. In fact it concerns the theme exploited by Batman),-2.0
(,"The movie is really about choices. In the oppressed state of affairs as seen in Fire),-2.0
(,"This HAS to be the worst movie I've ever attempted to watch. In the first 15 minutes),-3.0
(,"This film gives a look at the suffering a family experiences at the death of a child),-2.0
(,"This film is essentially for those who have had little or no introduction to hip-hop),-1.0
(,"This is a poor film by any standard. The story in Match Point had a certain intrigue),-0.5
(,"This is the thirteenth Falcon film. Tom Conway has lost none of his humour and style),-0.5
(,"This movie has too many things going on. Another reviewer comments on the disjointed),-2.0
(,"This movie is a bad movie. But after watching an endless series of bad horror movies),-3.0
(,"This movie rocked!!!! saw it at a screener a coupla weeks ago. Kinda a strange story),-1.0
(,"This movie was the most horrible movie watching experience i have ever had to endure),-3.0
(,"Unlike another user who said this movie sucked (and that Olivia Hussey was terrible)),-3.0
(,"Well after three times through I still have no idea what this movie is about because),-1.0
(,"Words can't simply describe how awful this film is. I watched it on video last night),-3.0
(,"Wow! All I can say is that if Elizabeth Montgomery is the enemy (she speaks Russian)),-2.0
(,"Yet another Lo Wei production to completely waste the talents of a young Jackie Chan),-1.0
(,"ZERO stars out of ****<br /><br />Endless Descent has absolutely no redeeming values),-1.0
(,"""Hero and the Terror"" is a fairly dull thriller - a la: no real character substance),-1.5
(,"- A group of bandits rob a train of the gold shipment it is carrying. In their escape),-1.5
(,"A woman as rich as she is insecure has a history of alcoholism and nervous breakdowns),-0.6666666666666666
(,"After 15 minutes watching the movie I was asking myself what to do: leave the theater),-1.0
(,"Almost missed it. While visiting friends in Philadelphia sometime in the early 1980`s),-2.0
(,"Bad movie for sure. It's such a ridiculous fantasy with a lot of poor special effects),-2.5
(,"Do you ever wonder what is the worst movie ever made? Stop wondering. I'm telling you),-3.0
(,"He really lost the plot with this one! None of his distinctive trademarks here at all),-3.0
(,"I am deeply disturbed by some posts I am reading on the message boards for this movie),-2.0
(,"I can't believe this movie has an average rating of 7.0! It is a fiendishly bad movie),-3.0
(,"I can't stand most reality shows and this one is worst than the one with Paris Hilton),-3.0
(,"I didn't want to write this movie off on the reviews and critics in the western world),-0.5
(,"I had several problems with the movie: <br /><br />(1) The screenplay -- specifically),-2.0
(,"I thought the movie started out a bit slow and disjointed for the first hour. However),-2.0
(,"I was so disappointed by this show. After hearing and reading all the hoopla about it),-2.0
(,"I wasn't able to last ten minutes on the this terrible film. In and age of DV cameras),-3.0
(,"I'd give this a negative rating if I could. I went into this movie not expecting much),-2.0
(,"I'm dumbfounded. Yes that's right. I'm really caught here. No way did I find it awful),-3.0
(,"I've finally seen THE INCUBUS after waiting 20 something odd years to see it and well),-2.0
(,"It's difficult to not have a liking for Israeli director Eytan Fox and for his movies),-1.0
(,"It's particularly hard for a director to capture film-making without getting precious),-1.0
(,"Just kidding! This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen! It was so bad though),-3.0
(,"Rented 3 bad movies to watch with my friends in my dorm room.<br /><br />Leprechaun 4),-3.0
(,"The Residents are a band known for their strange appearances and odd musical stylings),-1.5
(,"The accountant Shohei Sugiyama (Kôji Yakusho) is feeling bored with his routine life),-0.5
(,"The film successfully gives a graphic portrayal of the suffering of forced sex labour),-1.5
(,"The film tells you to be aware and conscientious. It also destroys any and all things),-3.0
(,"This film is so bad it's hilarious. I watched Hell Ride half thinking it was a comedy),-1.0
(,"This is a poor excuse for a movie. A film noir done by Busbee Berkeley? Please! First),-1.5
(,"This is a really really bad movie. That may seem like an oversimplification. A fickle),-0.5
(,"This is basically your run of the mill violent biker flick complete with nifty slangs),-0.5
(,"This is quite possibly one of the worst movies ever made. Everything about it--acting),-3.0
(,"This is the most difficult movie I have ever seen...the emotional content is horrific),-2.0
(,"This movie had to be the worst horror movie I have ever seen. The acting was terrible),-3.0
(,"This movie has got to be about one of the worst i have ever seen. The humor was crude),-0.5
(,"This movie is all flash and no soul. The actors put a lot of passion into the numbers),-1.0
(,"This movie is probably one of 3 worst movies made in history. I rented this by chance),-0.5
(,"This was amongst the worst films I have ever encountered. The cinematography was dull),-2.5
(,"This was by far the worst movie I have ever seen! Me and my husband own over 600 DVDs),-3.0
(,"This was talked about to death by the critics when it honestly isn't that great. Sure),-2.0
(,"To all the miserable people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue),-2.5
(,"What more could I say? The Americans totally hated it because the U.S. cut was so bad),-2.3333333333333335
(,"When a group of dumb kids (including an unlikable. racist bitch) stay at an old house),-3.6666666666666665
(,"Without a doubt this is one of the worst films I've ever wasted money on! The plot is),-2.0
(,"this was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I'm still not sure if it was serious),-3.0
(,"totally genius film from the CKY crew......(not the jackass boys.....johnny knoxville),-4.0
(,"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is absolutely the worst movie ever made),-3.0
(,"'The Last Wave' is far more than the sum of its parts. It's not merely a disaster film),-2.0
(,"Alfred Hitchcock's ""Saboteur"" (1942) (not to be confused with another Hitchcock film),-2.0
(,"Another awful movie about hockey. I if never watched hockey and saw Hollywoods version),-3.0
(,"Bela Lugosi is an evil botanist who sends brides poisoned orchids on their wedding day),-2.5
(,"Cheap and manipulative. This film has no heart.<br /><br />It's also got dire dialogue),-2.0
(,"Controversial German journalist Jutta Rabe who herself got divers to the Estonia wreck),-2.0
(,"Culled from the real life exploits of Chuck Connors and Steve Brodie in 1890s New York),-2.0
(,"I HATE MOVIES THAT END LIKE THIS!!!!<br /><br />This 16mm disaster is full of clichés),-2.0
(,"I am very sorry to say this but ""Thunderbirds"" does not even come up with a loud pop),-1.0
(,"I can't believe the positive reviews of this movie - I thought it was one of the worst),-0.5
(,"I first watched this movie on its release in 1987 and was greatly affected emotionally),-1.0
(,"I had no expectations (never saw previews for ""Marigold"") and enjoyed the characters),-1.0
(,"I rarely even bother to watch comedic movies or television these days. They're insipid),-2.0
(,"I saw this movie a few days ago and gamely jumped during the scary parts. I must admit),-1.5
(,"I thought Sliver offered the most boring and trivial ""trick"" ending in movie history),-3.0
(,"I would say that this film is disturbing. The brutality is depicted in a very sick way),-2.0
(,"I've always enjoyed films that depict life as it is. Life sometimes has boring patches),-3.0
(,"I've just revisited this fondly remembered bit of cinematic madness from my early days),-3.0
(,"I've seen this story before but my kids haven't. Boy with troubled past joins military),-2.0
(,"If you described any of the scenes; nightmares of children murdering you in your sleep),-3.0
(,"It is impossible to avoid comparing Zhang Yimou's `Hero' to Ang Lee's `Crouching Tiger),-1.0
(,"Just a dumb old movie. First Stanwyck's son gets his foot trapped in a really dumb way),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Just saw this at the Madison Horror Film Festival and was disappointed. A few shocking),-2.0
(,"Mickey Rooney (as Mi Taylor) is a young man drifting along the figurative road to ruin),-2.0
(,"On top of the fact that Skylar is a complete douche bag and his cons are unimaginative),-0.5
(,"Since others have complained about putting Sherlock Holmes into a contemporary setting),-2.0
(,"The 1998 Michael Keaton kiddie comedy of the same title was roundly condemned for it's),-0.5
(,"The Gun is probably the worst film I've ever saw. The comedians direction is very poor),-2.5
(,"The most embarrassing moment in this film is when Brady Corbet says 'You've blossomed'),-2.0
(,"The plot: A crime lord is uniting 3 different mafias in an entreprise to buy an island),-3.0
(,"The worst movie i've seen in years (and i've seen a lot of movies). Acting is terrible),-3.0
(,"This film is the most romantic in years. David Duchovny is superb. He´ll make you cry),-1.0
(,"This film is what most of the industry has forgotten how to make: FAMILY entertainment),-1.0
(,"This is by far the worst non-English horror movie I've ever seen. The acting is wooden),-3.0
(,"This is without a doubt the worst movie I have ever seen. I say this without hyperbole),-2.0
(,"Trot out every stereotype and misrepresentation you've heard about semi-devout Mormons),-2.0
(,"What's the point of reviewing a movie like this? It's painfully and embarrassingly bad),-0.5
(,"While the premise of the film is pretty lame (Ollie is diagnosed with ""hornophobia"")),-0.5
(,"Working-class romantic drama from director Martin Ritt is as unbelievable as they come),-1.0
(,"Young and attractive Japanese people are getting on the wrong side of some curse again),-1.5
(,"dont ever ever ever consider watching this sorry excuse for a film. the way it is shot),-1.0
(,"""Julia Kerbridge (Catherine Mary Stewart) is working hard to become a doctor. Suddenly),-1.0
(,"""Slaughter High"" is a totally ridiculous slasher flick about a high school nerd Marty),-3.0
(,"""Three"" is a seriously dumb shipwreck movie. Masquerading as a psychological thriller),-3.0
(,"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** If one were to review the film based on the premise alone),-2.0
(,"**SPOILERS**<br /><br />This is one BAD movie. Seriously. Acting in absolutely horrible),-3.0
(,"A family moves into a old house in Japan. But there's a catch it's haunted (BOO!!!). Aw),-2.0
(,"A film as bad as this should be withdrawn from all stores world wide. So full of boring),-3.0
(,"A guy desperate for action attempts to hit on a gorgeous girl in a bus. She refuses him),-3.0
(,"A rather lame teen slasher from Brisbane. While the plot hinges on a fairly decent idea),-2.0
(,"A recent re-issue of the French crime film (original title 'Du Rififi Chez les Hommes')),-3.0
(,"An example of all of the worst gay stereotypes all in one movie.<br /><br />And Charles),-3.0
(,"As a community theater actor who works hard at it but doesn't take acting too seriously),-1.0
(,"Before I saw this movie I believed there were two kinds of bad cinema. (1) Your average),-3.0
(,"I am still trying to determine whether the previous installment was worse than this one),-3.0
(,"I can tell you just how bad this movie is. I was in the movie and I haven't seen it yet),-3.0
(,"I didn't expect much from the movie so am not all that disappointed. Carrie looked ugly),-3.0
(,"I had no idea who Bruce Haack was before seeing this film. I had just seen the MOOG doc),-1.0
(,"I heard legends about this ""film"" (quotes used so as not to insult films) for a while),-2.0
(,"I just don't understand why this movie is getting beat-up in here. Jeez. It is mindless),-2.0
(,"I really have no idea how to comment on this movie. The special effects were lackluster),-1.0
(,"Imagine the worst skits from Saturday Night Live and Mad TV in one 90 minute movie. Now),-3.0
(,"It is disappointing to see as talented an actor as Amitabh Bachchan in such a weak role),-2.0
(,"It is high time that American critics and fans alike start to debunk their unquestioned),-2.0
(,"Judy Holliday struck gold in 1950 withe George Cukor's film version of ""Born Yesterday),-1.0
(,"Many neglect that this isn't just a classic due to the fact that it's the first 3D game),-2.0
(,"One of the worst movies ever made. Let's start with the superficial: Joaquin Phoenix is),-3.0
(,"Pieced (edited) together from dead body parts (deleted scenes) from corpses (Anchorman)),-3.0
(,"That pretty much sums it up ... corny. MacDowell's inability to act is at times painful),-0.5
(,"The Shirley Jackson novel 'The Haunting of Hill House' is an atmospheric tale of terror),-0.5
(,"The Woman in Black (1989) is a TV adaptation of Susan Hill's modern classic ghost story),-1.0
(,"The Women (2008) by Diane English is sadly such a waste of talent. With Annette Benning),-1.5
(,"The worst movie I have seen in quite a while. Interesting first half with some engaging),-3.0
(,"There is the thrill of low-budget film noir. And there is the frustration of meandering),-2.0
(,"This 1950's howler is so bad it's unintentionally funny. Tom Conway portrays Dr. Gerard),-3.0
(,"This has got to be the most stupid film I have ever seen (spoilers ahead)! First of all),-2.0
(,"This is a sad film made for sad people. I was sitting in theaters tearing my hair apart),-2.0
(,"This is a snuff movie. I'm shocked it is even considered to be in the IMDb library. And),-2.0
(,"This is an example of why the majority of action films are the same. Generic and boring),-3.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I didn't go in with high expectations),-3.0
(,"This movie is stupid. There's no getting around it. But so is Dumb and Dumber. Mind you),-1.0
(,"This movie wants to elaborate that criminals are a product of modern society. Therefore),-3.0
(,"Tony Scott destroys anything that may have been interesting in Richard Kelly's clichéd),-0.5
(,"What a mess of a movie! If it wasnt for Eric Roberts and Susan Sarandon's performances ),-2.0
(,"What a terrible misfire. Not only the title but the idea is the same as that Jane Fonda),-3.0
(,"What is supposed to be a simple generic mystery plot involving a dead philanthropist is),-3.0
(,"Whenever a Columbo story deviates from the familiar plot (colorful killer commits crime),-1.0
(,"so if a guy meets you and he says 'I want you to look at my erection!' don't be alarmed),-0.5
(,"""Shore Leave"" is mostly an average Star Trek adventure. Nothing wrong with the episode),-2.0
(,"A very credible and unsettling movie portraying the effects of war on the general public),-2.0
(,"Although Embryo could have been a potentially thought provoking examination of bioethics),-1.0
(,"An absolutely baffling western featuring flash-forward sequences set in an insane asylum),-2.0
(,"An allegation of aggravated sexual assault along with some other unpleasant peccadilloes),-2.0
(,"Audiences back in 1936 must have been stunned at what they were watching: a full-fledged),-2.0
(,"Been lurking for a couple of years or so. I have never been moved to post on here before),-1.0
(,"Doris Day never lets a bad script get her down. Even in the most trying of circumstances),-3.0
(,"First off let me say that this has to be on the top of my list of boring movies. Nothing),-0.5
(,"For those of you looking for the crazy stunts that typified a Harold Lloyd silent comedy),-0.5
(,"Hahahaha!!!!!!Funny-that sums this movie up in one word.What the crap was this ""thing""),-3.0
(,"I am stunned to discover the amount of fans this show has. Haven't said that Friends was),-2.0
(,"I avoided this film as a boy because I thought it would be boringno fights or shooting),-1.0
(,"I cannot believe I actually sat through the whole of this movie! It was absolutely awful),-3.0
(,"I first flicked onto the LoG accidentally one night while waching television: since then),-2.0
(,"I found myself getting increasingly angry as this movie progressed.<br /><br />Basically),-3.0
(,"I hate how this movie has absolutely no creative input. I know they're going for realism),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I have only seen the minimum wage episode yet i have no intention of watching the others),-1.0
(,"I have seen The Perfect Son about three times. I fail to see how this film is a gay film),-2.0
(,"I haven't laughed that much in a long time - although the movie has some sad moments too),-0.5
(,"I mention that there may be a spoiler here just to be cautious because of what I discuss),-1.0
(,"I've noticed over the years that when a rock star makes his final album before his death),-2.0
(,"If it wasn't for the performances of Barry Diamond and Art Evans as the clueless stoners),-2.0
(,"It is such a shame when actors and actresses of high quality get involved with pure crap),-2.5
(,"It's hard to know what to make of this weird little Aussie crime flick - on the one hand),-2.0
(,"Now I'll be the first to admit it when I say something that may be blasphemous or unfair),-1.5
(,"Oh dear. I was so disappointed that this movie was just a rip-off of Japan's Ringu. Well),-2.0
(,"Plants in an ancient Mayan pyramid structure killing all who come close. Yes it is weird),-2.5
(,"Sorry if I disappoint anyone about what I am about to say to this made for TV movie. But),-2.0
(,"The story of Ned Kelly has been enshrouded in myth and exaggeration for time out of hand),-1.0
(,"There's been a vogue for the past few years for often-as-not ironic zombie-related films),-1.0
(,"This flick is so bad its beyond belief.Even for an independent low budget film...it just),-3.0
(,"This has got to be the worst show I have ever seen. I always liked Chuck Norris in Films),-0.5
(,"This is a terrible movie that only gets worse and seems to never end. The acting was bad),-3.0
(,"This is far the most worst film I've seen this year from Bollywood so far. I may not lie),-3.0
(,"This is quite possibly the worst Christmas film ever. The plot is virtually non-existent),-3.0
(,"This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life. Unless you're into masochism),-3.0
(,"This little film had long been on my ""keeper"" list. Do people realize how stressed out),-2.0
(,"This movie is one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen. From the very first scene),-3.0
(,"This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. There is absolutely no storyline),-2.0
(,"This was without a doubt the worst movie I have ever sat through. And that's saying alot),-2.0
(,"Tripping Over. I must say at first I was a little disappointed in the first few episodes),-2.0
(,"Very bad but watchable science fiction film that suffers from abominable special effects),-2.5
(,"What a loss the passing of director Emile Ardolino was! He could take a light script and),-3.0
(,"What can you say about a short little film filled with secondary actors and no ""stars""),-1.0
(,"With David Arquette starring you would immediately think this to be a stupid movie. Well),-2.0
(,"Would someone explain to me when the Ghoulies learned to speak? This was a horrible film),-3.0
(,"i realize this review will get me bashed by the expert film critics patrolling this site),-2.0
(,"(There are Spoilers) Driving down a lonely country road one rainy afternoon Joanna Kndall),-1.5
(,"...is the only way to describe this movie about subjects that should be surefire: scandal),-3.0
(,"A film so insecure the creaters perhaps hoped to milk an original film noir classic title),-2.0
(,"A severe backwards step for the puppets in this mainly dull and tedious outing. Guy Rolfe),-2.0
(,"After losing the Emmy for her performance as Mama Rose in the television version of GYPSY),-3.0
(,"Carlos Mencia is not funny. From his stand up specials to this train wreck of a TV series),-2.0
(,"Dennis Hopper is without a doubt one of the finest underrated American actors of our time),-1.0
(,"Hanna-Barbera sucks the life out of another famous property. The violence is watered down),-3.0
(,"I admit to liking a lot of the so-called ""frat-pack"" movies. No matter how bad they are),-1.0
(,"I am at a distinct disadvantage here. I have not seen the first two movies in this series),-2.0
(,"I dunno what the hype around this is... This is really a bad movie...it did nothing to me),-3.0
(,"I knew it would be a bad movie when I rented it but I hoped for a good bad movie. Oh well),-1.0
(,"I should no longer be surprised when critics miss the most obvious things in works of art),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I totally hated the movie. It was so retarded. They need to get some acting lessons....no),-3.0
(,"I went to see this film based on the review by Siskel and Ebert; not only did I get duped),-2.0
(,"I'll admit that the first time I managed to catch Sci-Fi's ""Sci-Fi Prime"" was last week),-1.0
(,"I'm not really sure how to even begin to describe how bad this movie is. I like bad films),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I'm seldom partial to movies about smart-assed teenagers who have problems with authority),-0.5
(,"In reply to ""State of Confusion"" The dogs injuries do seem to disappear rather abruptly),-1.0
(,"It is not only difficult to comment separately on the three parts of Kieslowski's trilogy),-1.0
(,"Kate is a jaded young woman who has trouble meeting and dating guys. Throughout the movie),-2.0
(,"MST 3000 should do this movie. It is the worst acted movie I have ever seen. First of all),-3.0
(,"Malcolm McDowell diagnoses Megan Gallagher's daughter and she as having a form of illness),-2.0
(,"Overall I found this film good: exceptional acting with disturbing scenes (some essential),-2.0
(,"Seagal fans beware- He does no action scenes until almost an hour into this mess. Instead),-1.0
(,"The real star of this ridiculous story is glorious technicolor. A visual treat to the eye),-0.5
(,"The worst film I have seen in the last 12 months. The plot of the story was uninteresting),-3.0
(,"There is no story! The plot is hopeless! A filmed based on a car with a stuck accelerator),-1.5
(,"This an extremely horrible movie. And if your thinking you've seen another horrible movie),-3.0
(,"This is an installment in the notorious Guinea Pig series. A short lived japanese TV-show),-2.0
(,"This is by far the worst movie ever made. I have no doubt. I have seen such crap as Manos),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This is one of the worse cases of film drivel I have seen in a long while. It is so awful),-3.0
(,"This is the worst ripoff of Home Alone movies that I have EVER seen! Watch part 1 and two),-3.0
(,"This movie had the potential to be far more than it was. But it not only fails to deliver),-2.0
(,"This movie is one of the most wildly distorted portrayals of history. Horribly inaccurate),-2.0
(,"This warning against anti-semitism is well-meant and may have had its purpose at the time),-3.0
(,"This was so bad I can't even review it. So I'll jot some sentences about what I witnessed),-2.5
(,"Tom Selleck plays an absentee son to senile ""pop"" Don Ameche and weary mom Anne Jackson),-1.5
(,"What a terrible movie! The acting in this film is about the quality of a high school play),-3.0
(,"What gives Anthony Minghella the right to ruin two extraordinary works of fiction?? First),-2.0
(,"What should have been a dramatic tale of life on the river Murray turns out to be a silly),-1.0
(,"William Powell is a doctor dealing with a murder and an ex-wife in ""The Ex-Mrs. Bradford),-2.0
(,"You may consider a couple of facts in the discussion to be spoilers.<br /><br />I'm sorry),-1.0
(,"and this movie has crossed it. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! I mean),-3.0
(,"""Beyond Rangoon"" is simply marvelous. From the traumatic opening to the uplifting ending),-3.0
(,"""Head"" is one of those films you'll have a lot of trouble convincing your friends to see),-2.0
(,"""Thunderbolt"" is probably Jackie Chan's worst movie since ""The Protector"" in 1985. Yes),-3.0
(,"**Possible Spoilers**<br /><br />This straight-to-video mess combines a gun-toting heroine),-2.0
(,"*some spoilers*<br /><br />I was pleasantly surprised to find the harsh criticisms (acting),-2.0
(,"A lot of the negative reviews here concentrate on the historical accuracy of this film. OK),-2.0
(,"A sadly inferior precursor to ""Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf"" this film drags on and on),-1.6666666666666667
(,"A woman finds herself caught up in an apparently inexplicable rash of suicides. Then again),-2.0
(,"Almost the entire film takes place in a public bathhouse in China. There are no fancy sets),-1.0
(,"I hate a movie that doesn't have an ending. I don't care how good or bad the rest might be),-0.25
(,"I never trust the opinions of anyone regarding a film. That goes for critics as well. Sure),-0.5
(,"I never understood why some people dislike Bollywood films: they've got charismatic actors),-2.0
(,"I swear if I did ever tried cocaine I'd be able to relate to this film perfectly. Its pace),-2.0
(,"In the fifties the age restrictions for films in Brazil were the following: no restriction),-1.5
(,"Interesting mix of comments that it would be hard to add anything constructive to. However),-1.0
(,"It came as no surprise to me that this was a very depressing and draining movie. After all),-1.5
(,"It's really a shame there was so much controversy surrounding this picture (in other words),-2.0
(,"It's really too bad that John Candy wasted his skills on so many horrible films (Delirious),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Lot of silly plot holes in the film. First we see him watching his master practice kung-fu),-1.0
(,"Naming the absolutely most pathetic piece of crap in cinematic history is not an easy task),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Only watched this to see Joe Morton in an early role and honestly wished I hadn't bothered),-2.0
(,"Painfully bad Christmas film that has an equally painfully bad performance by Vince Vaughn),-3.0
(,"The Ator series is a shining example of what B-movies should be. They fail in every aspect),-2.0
(,"The brief existence of The Sex Pistols and the making of this film after the controversial),-2.0
(,"The horrific production doesn't qualify as a ""film."" It was obviously shot on video tape),-3.0
(,"The worst movie in the history of cinema. I don't know if it was trying to be funny or sad),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This has got to be one of the worst fillums I've ever seen and I've seen a few. It is slow),-3.0
(,"This is an extraordinary film musically. It made me feel awful that Rodrigues died in 1999),-3.0
(,"This movie is too stupid for words. Even if you consider it to be a parody on movie-making),-2.0
(,"This movie was such a waste of my money. it was disgusting as well as disturbing. honestly),-2.0
(,"To call a film boring is not something I would usually count as a valid criticism. However),-3.0
(,"Watching this movie was a waste of time. I was tempted to leave in the middle of the movie),-1.0
(,"""It all depends on how you look at it we are either halfway to heaven or halfway to hell),-1.0
(,"""The Mother"" tells of a recently widowed mid-60's mother of two adult children (Reid) who),-1.0
(,"A very sensitive topic--15 y/o girl abandoned by mother as a baby and who goes to visit her),-2.0
(,"Arguably the finest serial ever made(no argument here thus far) about Earthman Flash Gordon),-1.0
(,"End of Days is one of the worst big-budget action movies I've ever seen. Muddling direction),-3.0
(,"For a scientifically-engineered super-dog that was supposed to be the answer to petit crime),-3.0
(,"Found this film for one dollar ($1.00) and the film was a complete waste of time. Reb Brown),-1.0
(,"Ghost Town starts as Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drives along an isolated desert road),-1.0
(,"Great story and great lead actors (Quaid and Ryan) but the movie suffers from bad directing),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Heavenly Days commits a serious comedy faux pas: it's desperate to teach us a civics lesson),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I have never seen anything as awful as this movie for quite some time. The movie was boring),-3.0
(,"I saw this movie on Thursdays night after having a really boring day. I had no expectations),-2.0
(,"I see absolutely nothing funny---even remotely funny---in this stupid movie. An unrealistic),-2.0
(,"I suppose all the inside jokes is what made Munchies a cult classic. I thought it was awful),-0.5
(,"I think that this is a disappointing sequel. I miss a lot of the old characters (King Gator),-2.0
(,"I've never understood the appeal of Garbo. She always comes across in her films as stuck up),-2.0
(,"If there was ever a call to make a bad film that reflected how stupid humanity could become),-2.5
(,"It couldn't have come out at a worse time--just as the nation was entering the Reagan years),-3.0
(,"Low-rent version of Ashley Judd's Double Jeopardy. Sutherland is too professional to be bad),-3.0
(,"Lucio Fulci was one of the most prolific Italian directors by the time of his death in 1996),-2.0
(,"Not even Timothy Hutton or David Duchovny could save this dead fish of a film. For starters),-0.5
(,"Playing a character from a literary classic can be a bit of a poisoned chalice for an actor),-2.0
(,"Quite the most boring nonsense I have seen in a long time. The plot was full of irrelevance),-2.5
(,"Raising Victor Vargas fails terribly in what it tries most to be: being real. Unfortunately),-2.5
(,"Some slack might be cut this movie due to the fact that it was made in 1979. That much said),-1.0
(,"Takashi Miike is one of my favorite directors and I was worried about him doing a kids film),-0.5
(,"The only reason I rented the movie was to see Jeri Ryan in it! OMG that was the most boring),-3.0
(,"This ""movie"" is such a bad work! Nothing seems to even try and be realistic. Plot is weak),-2.5
(,"This excruciatingly boring and unfunny movie made me think that Chaplin was the real Hitler),-3.0
(,"This film reminds me of how college students used to protest against the Vietnam War. As if),-2.0
(,"This is absolutely the worst trash I have ever seen. When I saw it in the theater (arghhh!)),-3.0
(,"This is far worse than those awful Laurel and Hardy cartoons of the 60s. They were terrible),-3.0
(,"This low-budget film about a writer who goes to work in a London casino has an awful script),-3.0
(,"This movie brought tears to my eyes; John Roberts really knew how to get to viewers' hearts),-2.0
(,"This movie totally sucked!!! Don't even rent it! You'll hate it! The plot didn't make sense),-3.0
(,"This movie was perhaps the biggest waste of 2 hours of my life. From the opening 10 minutes),-1.0
(,"This scared the hell out of me when i was a teenager. Now I find it more amusing than scary),-2.6666666666666665
(,"This will be brief. Let me first state that I'm agnostic and not exactly crazy about xtians),-2.0
(,"What a travesty of movie ratings injustice - a 2.1 on the IMDb scale as I write this. Folks),-2.0
(,"When dirty dancing was on TV in the middle of last year I was out so I didn't get to see it),-2.0
(,"Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun),-4.0
(,"With all due disrespect for this George Stevens Sr. ""epic"" of miscastings and misreadings),-2.0
(,"Writer-director Emilio Estevez shows a definite lack of talent here with this un-redeemable),-2.0
(,"this 2.5 hour diluted snore-fest appears to be one of the poorest excuses for an adaptation),-2.0
(,"where do we go from here? that is the overriding question of this film. And make no mistake),-1.5
(,"""Dressed to Kill"" has been more or less forgotten in critical circles in the past 20 years),-1.0
(,"A kid with ideals who tries to change things around him. A boy who is forced to become a man),-1.0
(,"A low budget may be an excuse for poor acting talent and pathetic looking fake gore. However),-2.0
(,"A man (Goffredo Unger) is found floating in the sea among the wreckage of his destroyed boat),-3.0
(,"A wildly uneven film where the major problem is the uneasy mix of comedy and thriller. To me),-1.0
(,"A woman who hates cats (Alice Krige) and her son (Brian Krause) have moved into a small town),-3.0
(,"After a group of young friends experience car trouble whilst travelling off the beaten track),-2.0
(,"All those who are into the PC culture are aghast at the dogmatic Christian view of this film),-2.0
(,"And I am a Nicole Kidman fanatic. I would pay to see and hear her read the Moscow phone book),-1.0
(,"As horror fans we all know that blind rentals are a crap-shoot. Sometimes we find a real gem),-1.0
(,"At first I was weirded out that a TV show's main character could bring the dead back to life),-3.0
(,"Free Willzyx (Stupidest name/title ever) is the worst episode of ANY of the TV shows I watch),-3.0
(,"Gadar is an example of one of Bollywood worst overrated movies ever. Directed by Anil Sharma),-3.0
(,"Holy crap. This was the worst film I have seen in a long time. All the performances are fine),-0.5
(,"How bad idea was to remake an almost Oscar -worthy film?! MOSTHLY MARTHA is MUCH MORE BETTER),-3.0
(,"How on earth were these guys given funds to make this movie? The lack of script is one thing),-2.0
(,"I always feel strange and guilty saying it (because I'm a fairly well-educated non-teenager)),-2.0
(,"I decided to hire out this movie along with a few other old horror movies.This was the worst),-3.0
(,"I don't know about you but i go to horror films to be scared and this was anything but scary),-2.0
(,"I found this early talkie difficult to watch and I'm a Norma Shearer fan! It's not her fault),-1.0
(,"I get tired of my 4 and 5 year old daughters constantly being subjected to watch Nickelodeon),-2.0
(,"I have to admit that Holly was not on my watch list for the Edinburgh Film Festival. However),-1.0
(,"I saw this film when it first came out and have never forgotten it. My Uncle Antoine is much),-1.0
(,"I've noticed that a lot of people who post on the ""Kerching!"" board seem to hate this show),-3.0
(,"It doesn't surprise me that the makers of this hopeless movie couldn't find a UK distributor),-2.0
(,"It might be a little erroneous to open a review by describing a film in terms of other films),-2.0
(,"It seems evident from this adaptation that he did not. Not only did he leave the plot behind),-1.0
(,"Just watched this after hearing about how bad it was and wanted to see for myself. Seriously),-3.0
(,"OK so this is about 30 minutes of gore with no story whatsoever. There is no spoken dialogue),-1.0
(,"Semana Santa is jaw-droppingly bad. It's so wrong in so many ways I don't where to begin. So),-2.0
(,"Strangeland is a terrible horror/technological thriller. Dee Snider plays Carleton Hendricks),-3.0
(,"THis movie may be the worst movie I have ever seen. Basically it is right above Leprachaun 5),-3.0
(,"The producers of this film should be sued for the misrepresentation of copyrighted materials),-2.0
(,"The word in the summary sums it up d'oh ;) Five girls get lost trying to find their way home),-3.0
(,"This TV show is possibly the most pathetic display of crap on TV today. Horribly predictable),-2.5
(,"This delectable fusion of New Age babble and luridly bad film-making may not ""open"" you up),-3.0
(,"This film is an almost complete waste of time. I am studying the book for my English A level),-1.0
(,"This is a plain old spooky ghost story. I showed it to some friends of mine in my movie club),-1.0
(,"This is possibly one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I don't care what the critics say),-1.0
(,"This is the first porn I've ever tried to review. It demands a different approach than usual),-1.0
(,"This movie has EVERY cliché of every terrorism or airliner crisis movie.<br /><br />However),-3.0
(,"This movie is easily the worst of the series. Though New Line might just be looking at sales),-3.0
(,"This movie is without a doubt the worst horror movie I've ever seen. And that's saying a lot),-2.0
(,"This movie offers NOTHING to anyone. It doesn't succeed on ANY level. The acting is horrible),-3.0
(,"This movie starts off somewhat slowly and gets running towards the end. Not that that is bad),-3.0
(,"This movie was packed pull of endless surprises! Just when you thought it couldn't get worse),-3.0
(,"Unfortunately the movie is more concerned with making lame social commentary on a real event),-2.0
(,"We see a body of dead girl in a morgue with the coroner trying to close the eyes of the girl),-3.0
(,"While Boris(Aleksey Batalov)is off to fight in war against the Germans for his Mother Russia),-1.5
(,"Wow. So my boyfriend and I went to the movie store to rent a film. I like dumb horror movies),-0.5
(,"[possible spoilers] <br /><br />The sixth ""Halloween"" film is an utterly depressing affair),-2.0
(,"... what a porn movie would look like if you took out the sex and just left in the bad dialog),-0.5
(,"...not to waste your time watching this vanity project. I've had my comment deleted twice now),-1.0
(,"A 14 year old girl develops her first serious crush on the 17 year old boy that lives near by),-1.0
(,"Alien Warrior (or King of The Streets) is one of those 80s gems you stumble across by mistake),-2.0
(,"Anyone who has studied any physics or cognitive science will walk out disgusted after 40 min.),-3.0
(,"Astounding.....This may have been A poor attempt at remaking the already recreated Omen Movie),-2.0
(,"Awkward disaster mishmash has a team of scavengers coming across the overturned S.S. Poseidon),-2.0
(,"Beforehand Notification: I'm sure someone is going to accuse me of playing the race card here),-2.0
(,"Blazing saddles! It's a fight between two estranged brothers (Dennis Quaid and Arliss Howard)),-1.0
(,"Brown of Harvard is a hard movie to pin down. We expect a lot more from our movies these days),-1.0
(,"By 1976 the western was an exhausted genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it. Still),-0.5
(,"Essentially this is a dreadful film with a few features that may or may not redeem it for you),-3.0
(,"Even worse then the incredibly boring ""the Exorcism of Emily Rose"". It started off decently),-3.0
(,"How 'Thursday' managed to avoid attention remains a mystery. A potent mix of comedy and crime),-1.0
(,"I am salivating for the sequels. I needed something to keep me from going insane with tension),-1.5
(,"I can see why Laurel and Hardy purists might be offended by this rather gentle 're-enactment'),-2.0
(,"I know this sounds odd coming from someone born almost 15 years after the show stopped airing),-1.5
(,"I saw this little Belgian gem two days after seeing 'American Teen'. Make no mistake about it),-1.5
(,"I was greatly disappointed by the quality of this documentary. The content is poorly produced),-2.0
(,"It is no surprise that writer/director Michael Powell considered ""A Matter of Life and Death),-1.0
(,"It's hard to watch this movie without thinking forward to the television show it would become),-1.0
(,"Let's get right to the heart of the matter...This is a terrible movie. The story is confusing),-2.5
(,"My first thoughts on this film were of using science fiction as a bad way to show naked women),-3.0
(,"Samuel Fuller's Pickup on South Street is anomalous: A ""Red Scare"" movie devoid of hysteria),-3.0
(,"The film is about the battle of Stalingrad. For those of you who don't know anything about it),-1.0
(,"The first users comments are very detailed for a very vague movie. Not saying that I disagree),-2.0
(,"The most moving and truly eye opening documentary ever created. I cried the whole way through),-2.0
(,"The year 2004 was the year of the biopic with no less than four pictures tackling real events),-1.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. There is not a shred of historical accuracy),-3.0
(,"This movie is very disappointing for one who has read the book. As written by Rafael Sabatini),-2.0
(,"What is often neglected about Harold Lloyd is that he was an actor. Unlike Chaplin and Keaton),-2.0
(,"What the hell is this? ""Kooky drama""? ""Lawyers in Loony Tunes Land""? The world's thinnest),-4.0
(,"What's with all the negative comments? After having seen this film for the first time tonight),-2.0
(,"While Bondarchuk was by no means a young man when he was commissioned to work on this project),-1.0
(,"Why spend a moment slogging through this awkward and self-conscious movie? Every now and then),-2.0
(,"Wow - Thank god I was on an airplane and could look out the window. Bad Hollywood fire scenes),-0.5
(,"for those of you who were desperate to find out what happened to Twitch in the original movie),-3.0
(,"generally speaking I don't make negative comments on here. But since this is a festival piece),-2.0
(,"the boys were the most appealing things in the entire movie. the girls were lame and pathetic),-2.0
(,"well its official. they have just killed American Pie. The first 3 were absolutely hysterical),-3.0
(,"""Return of the Jedi"" is often remembered for what it did wrong rather than what it did right),-2.0
(,"""What's his name?"" ""Loudon."" ""Loudon what?"" ""Clear.""<br /><br />That gag still gets me),-2.0
(,"---------SPOILER ALERT----------------------------<br /><br />This was the worst of the series),-3.0
(,"...this verson doesn't mangle the Bard that badly. It's still a horrible minimalist production),-3.0
(,"Although it might seem a bit bizarre to see a 32-year-old woman play the part of a 12-year-old),-2.0
(,"Due to reading bad reviews and being told by friends that they couldn't believe how bad it was),-3.0
(,"Even die hard John Wayne fans will have to concede that this film is a mess. Wayne's character),-2.0
(,"Excellent film showing the pathetic lives of two nutty old ladies. They couldn't live together),-2.0
(,"How better to describe it than scuzzy criminals on TV? And I don't mean in the show COPS; here),-0.5
(,"I cannot believe the same guy directed this crap and Dracula 2000. Dracula 2000 was innovative),-0.5
(,"I nearly fell asleep during a screening of this. Of a boring story that seems to go on forever),-3.0
(,"I saw this movie yesterday and can't stop thinking about it. I moved to Norway four months ago),-1.0
(,"I thought I might be disappointed viewing this film again after so many years. On the contrary),-2.0
(,"I was adopted at birth and certainly did NOT have the problems Antwone fisher had in the movie),-2.0
(,"I'm into bad movies but this has NOTHING going for it. Despite what the morons above have said),-3.0
(,"I'm sorry to report that I have seen this film several times. When it bombed at the box office),-1.0
(,"If The Lion King is a serious story about a young lion growing up to avenge his father's death),-0.5
(,"If you are wondering where many of the conspiracy theories and paranoid ideas about the the UN),-3.0
(,"In order to stop her homosexual friend Albert (Perry King) from being deported back to Belgium),-1.0
(,"Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this? There's a bunch of apes wandering about),-3.0
(,"Its hard to make heads or tails of this film. Unless you're well oiled and in the mood to mock),-1.5
(,"OZ is an old TV series released by HBO. It shows the life in one security prison called Oswald),-2.0
(,"One of the worst movies ever made... If you can get through this movies without falling asleep),-2.0
(,"POSSIBLE SPOILER - In some way ""How to Alienate Friends...."" is the ""loser learns to adjust),-3.0
(,"Rendition presents a very topical matter in the form of a very tense thriller. It's a gripping),-0.5
(,"SUcks. That's all I got to say about this sorry excuse for a film. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. I mean),-1.0
(,"Some describe CALIGULIA as ""the"" most controversial film of its era. While this is debatable),-2.0
(,"Some teen agers go to an old deserted farm house left to one of them by their dead grandfather),-3.0
(,"Spoof films have come so far since Mel Brooks in 'The Producers' (1968) said ""Don't be stupid),-2.0
(,"The only redeeming scene in this movie is when the robots are sent out to fight 'karate style'),-1.0
(,"This Canadian ""movie"" is the worst ever! Stunningly amateurish. When the bad guys rob a boat),-2.6666666666666665
(,"This has to be some of the worst direction I've seen. The close-up can be a very powerful shot),-0.5
(,"This is one of the most awful movies I've had the misfortune of picking up. Don't get me wrong),-2.5
(,"This movie sucks from beginning till (especially) the end. You probably don't get 'm any worse),-3.0
(,"This thought long lost flick sometimes comes available on the web. So I bought me a copy. Well),-3.0
(,"This was a decent movie for the first half. Too many cheap BOO! moments but the tension builds),-1.0
(,"WARNING: MAY contain some minor spoilers.<br /><br />Hard to say anything bad about this movie),-3.0
(,"What a waste of precious time! My 5-year-old daughter brought this home from my mother's house),-1.0
(,"Words can't describe how utterly stupid this story (and therefore bad this movie) is! Basinger),-2.5
(,"Worst mistake of my life.<br /><br />I picked this movie up at Target for $5 because I figured),-2.0
(,"do not be suckered into renting this movie. It has nothing to do with an escape from death row),-1.5
(,"this seemed an odd combination of Withnail and I with A Room with a View.. sometimes it worked),-2.0
(,"""An evil spirit takes over a girl and diffuses panic in the Louvre museum"" that's all I think),-1.6666666666666667
(,"""Soul Plane"" is a horrible attempt at comedy that only should appeal people with thick skulls),-1.0
(,"A scientist (George Zucco) wants to create wolf men out of American soldiers to fight the Nazis),-1.0
(,"Almost four years after the Iraq war started and we're in a bigger hole than ever. That's right),-2.0
(,"CAT SOUP has two ""Hello Kitty""-type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife),-2.0
(,"Family Guy is easily one of the worst shows I've ever forced myself to watch (Not at THE bottom),-2.0
(,"I admit that I almost gave up on watching TV shows. Why? Because most of them are about doctors),-1.0
(,"I cannot believe that they managed to spend US$17million on this film. Spectacularly bad acting),-3.0
(,"I don't believe this was an acting challenge for Richard Harris. This was an uncomplicated plot),-1.0
(,"I don't understand why critics would bash this movie. It's a teen movie that's actually serious),-2.0
(,"I first saw this movie with my fiancée many years after it came out. I thought I would hate it),-3.0
(,"I have just wasted my Saturday night watching this crap! I saw the names of Chris Noth (Mr. Big),-2.0
(,"I remember when THE GOLDEN CHILD was released in 1986 it was universally panned by the critics ),-2.0
(,"I was surprised and touched by this emotional movie which moved me very strange. I was confused),-2.0
(,"I was very disappointed in this film. The director has shown some talent in his other endeavors),-2.0
(,"I'd have to say that this was a little embarrassing for the 'King of the Cowboys'; made in 1948),-2.0
(,"If you thought Herbie trying to kill himself by driving off a bridge in 'The Love Bug' was daft),-3.0
(,"It's strange what fate does to some people. While looking in the discount bin at a DVD retailer),-1.0
(,"Just when I thought nothing could be as offensive and/or irritating as a Billy Mays infomercial),-3.0
(,"Let me first start with the obvious: antisemitism has been a serious problem throughout history),-2.0
(,"Not as bad as some people say...This is a unofficial Bond movie and a remake of ""Thunderball""),-3.0
(,"OH MY God I am lost Now I know everything this guy does is Pointless R J A wrote at August 13th),-3.0
(,"Okay I saw the sneak preview of this stupid movie. First off the movie is so posed and not real),-2.0
(,"One Chinese gang attacks and wipes out another gang in the beginning of the film. Unfortunately),-1.0
(,"Sophisticated sex comedies are always difficult to pull off. Look at the films of Blake Edwards),-1.0
(,"The plot - in the future when nearly all men have been killed by a Y-chromosome-targeting virus),-3.0
(,"The story is disjointed and poorly written. We are given threads and a possible hook in act one),-2.0
(,"The violent death of Fernando Ramos Da Silva only eight years after the completion of this film),-2.5
(,"The year still has three weeks to go but unless a really horrendous turkey shows up before then),-3.0
(,"This is a dumb movie. Maybe my judgment wouldn't be so harsh if the film didn't promise so much),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This is a poor film. It certainly belongs in the how not to make a feature film category. Story),-2.0
(,"This is a sad movie about this woman who thought her ex who she loved so much was probably dead),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This made for television version of the legendary stand against hopeless odds is more objective),-2.0
(,"This one took me by surprise because i had often been disappointed by Adrian Pasdar in the past),-2.0
(,"Walerian Borowczyks La Bete (1975) was obviously received in different ways: Some were appalled),-2.0
(,"Well... easily my favourite TV series ever. Call me a walking mail cliché but include violence),-3.0
(,"What can I say? This was hands-down the worst movie I have ever seen in my life (and believe me),-3.0
(,"""Menace"" is not funny. It tries hard - too hard. but rarely brings a smile. There is no acting),-1.0
(,"After having read two or three negative reviews on the main page of IMDb for ""Pushing Daisies""),-2.0
(,"All I have to say is that this movie is the bomb. You are going to cry when you see this. I mean),-1.0
(,"An updated version of a theme which has been done before. While that in and of itself is not bad),-3.0
(,"CRIME BOSS is directed by Alberto De Martino; an Italian crime drama partially filmed in Hamburg),-3.0
(,"Detective Russell Logan(Lou Diamond Phillips)has a major problem on his hands. The serial killer),-2.0
(,"Grey Gardens was enthralling and crazy and you just couldn't really look away. It was so strange),-1.5
(,"Highlighting the acting of Sidney Poitier and the brooding on-screen presence of John Cassevetes),-2.0
(,"I am still trying to figure out what the target of this movie was: 1) Whether to show how stupid),-2.0
(,"I couldn't make heads or tails out of this terrible film noir.<br /><br />The plot was confusing),-2.5
(,"I haven't actually finished the film. You may say that in this case I have no right to review it),-1.0
(,"I like action movies. I have a softspot for ""B"" flicks with bad dialogue and wooden acting. So),-0.5
(,"I saw this movie yesterday on a public service channel. They had advertised it as an awful movie),-3.0
(,"I'm disappointed at the lack of posts on this surprising and effective little film. Jordi Mollà),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I've seen all 3 now. I just can't believe how bad Naqoyqatsi is. Not in comparison to the others),-3.0
(,"If Todd Sheets were to come out and admit that this movie was intended to spoof the zombie genre),-1.0
(,"If only the writer/producer/""star"" had the slightest inkling of the limits of his acting range),-1.0
(,"If you want to see a movie that terribly mixes up one Latin country with any other Latin country),-1.0
(,"In addition to all the negative reviews: I was amazed to see that at the drop of a hat somewhere),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Lazy movie made by a lazy director. The characters are grotesque. Despite the tragic of this war),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Mighty Morphin Power Rangers has got to be the worst television show ever made. There is no plot),-2.0
(,"Pretty bad movie offers nothing new. The usual creaks and moans attempt to make-up for a muddled),-2.5
(,"Sogo Ishii has taken the old myth of Musashibo Benkei and stood it on its head to produce a dark),-1.0
(,"Sometimes I wonder if today's horror movies rely on human torturing to make people scared. If so),-4.0
(,"Such a film of beauty that it's hard to describe. Maybe it's the absence of superfluous dialogue),-1.0
(,"The main complaint with this film is the fact that I CAN NOT tell who is who. No racism intended),-3.0
(,"The most ridiculous thing about this ridiculous movie is its conceit that if one becomes a saint),-3.0
(,"The movie ""The Cave"" has got to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. There was no plot),-2.0
(,"The movie itself is so pathetic. It portrayed deaf people as cynical toward hearing people. True),-2.0
(,"The plot line is an expose of the under belly of American politics. While the theme seems common),-1.0
(,"The use of the term 'comedy' with relation to this documentary is an insult to the art of comedy),-0.5
(,"The worst movie I've ever seen in my life. From the amateur directing to the porn-quality acting),-3.0
(,"This esteemed production has it's fans. But to paraphrase the classic bad review of 'Mary Reilly),-0.5
(,"This has got to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen! There were people leaving the theatre),-3.0
(,"This is a haunting short film. Both James Franco and Rachel Miner deliver performances that hurt),-0.5
(,"This is a pretty bad movie. The plot is sentimental mush. I suppose the production values are OK),-1.0
(,"This is my first comment on a movie in here. I have to say that of all the bad films I ever seen),-3.0
(,"This is so incredibly bad. Poor actors. You can tell they're trying really hard to polish a turd),-1.0
(,"This picture was banned from American movies houses in the 1930 because of nudity by Hedy Lamarr),-2.0
(,"What an awful movie. I love monster flicks but I couldn't watch even half of the terrible acting),-1.0
(,"While ""Santa Claus Conquers the Martians"" is usually cited as one of the worse films ever made),-3.0
(,"You do not get more dark or tragic than ""Othello"" and this movie captures the play fairly well),-2.0
(,"You should know that I am the type of person that watches even the worst of movies to the finish),-3.0
(,"Young Warriors (1983) <br /><br />While this is a deeply flawed (and in some ways idiotic) movie),-3.0
(,"here was no effort put into Valentine to prevent it from being just another teenage slasher film),-1.0
(,"this movie is so bad. but its so bad that i was laughing my ass off. for people that like movies),-1.0
(,"""Father Hood"" is an overlooked little gem of a ""road movie"". Fine performances by Halle Berry),-1.0
(,"""The Couch Trip"" is one of those silly comedies that they cranked out in the '80s. In this case),-1.0
(,"A bland title disguises this solidly-carpentered example of old-fashioned Hollywood entertainment),-1.0
(,"Absolute garbage. The reason that this is so terrible is not because it deviated from the formula),-3.0
(,"Anthony Perkins and Sophia Loren are absolutely gorgeous in this ca. 1840 ""Western"". That alone),-2.0
(,"Average (and surprisingly tame) Fulci giallo which means it's still quite bad by normal standards),-3.0
(,"Barney and Friends is probably the worst kids show that I have ever seen. It teaches kids nothing),-3.0
(,"But I doubt many were running to see this movie. Or ""Some Came Running Out Of The Cinema"". Okay),-1.0
(,"Don't waste your time. One of those cool-looking boxes that you pick up at Blockbuster on a hunch),-1.0
(,"Having just wasted a couple of hours watching this and for 80% of that time in complete disbelief),-2.0
(,"Hayao Miyazaki has no equal when it comes to using hand-drawn animation as a form of storytelling),-1.0
(,"I am disgusted and appalled by the positive reviews this movie is receiving. Not only is it hokey),-1.0
(,"I found ""The Arab Conspiracy"" in a bargain bin and thought I'd uncovered a lost treasure. Folks),-0.5
(,"I found the one and only comment about this movie entirely uninformative and altogether too harsh),-2.0
(,"I made a special effort to see this movie and was totally disappointed with the outcome. On paper),-2.0
(,"I think a lot of people just wrote this off as another one of Tom Cruise's weird movies (Magnolia),-2.0
(,"I truly hate musicals because music numbers just start out of the sudden and usually spoil scenes),-3.0
(,"I'm rating 'The Decline of the American Empire' just about below average since it wasn't terrible),-3.0
(,"I've never expected too much from a film by trashy B-movie director Jim Wynorski: a silly premise),-1.0
(,"Isn't anyone else tired of that old cliché' where a nearly dead person shows up in a horror film),-2.5
(,"It seems the makers of this film had trouble deciding what their message really was. Consequently),-2.0
(,"It's been 19 years since Gordon Gekko used ""Wall Street"" to let us know that greed is good. Now),-3.0
(,"Jefferey dahmer was one sick guy. There's not much to say about him that hasn't already been said),-2.0
(,"LOC could have been a very well made movie on how the Kargil war was fought; it had the locations),-2.0
(,"Let's just say I had to suspend my disbelief less for Spiderman than I did for Hooligans. That is),-1.0
(,"Lethargic direction ruins an otherwise compelling period story that stars the wondrous Zhang Ziyi),-2.0
(,"Many have disparaged Never Say Never Again because it is not an official Bond movie. Nevertheless),-2.0
(,"Movies like this give independent films a bad name! This simply a boring compilation of vingettes),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Nico Mastorakis's banned movie was quite disappointing in my opinion. The movie is about a couple),-2.0
(,"Peaceful rancher Robert Sterling is on the losing side of a range war with his ruthless neighbors),-2.5
(,"Russell T Davies has been tasked with re-creating a slice of my childhood: hiding behind the sofa),-1.0
(,"The film is a collection of cliche's on just about anything out there. It has no focus whatsoever),-1.0
(,"The longer this film went on-and it seemed to tediously go on for ever- the more annoyed I became),-2.0
(,"There's no point in comparing this with the original series. Though different in look and content),-1.0
(,"There's something compelling and strangely believable about this episode. From the very beginning),-1.0
(,"This film seems to get bad critiscism for some reason. Probably just by the mass populace. Anyhow),-3.0
(,"This is a candidate for the single most disappointing movie experience of my lifetime. Cool title),-2.0
(,"This is another film I missed out on Italian TV as a kid: notable for its quintet of ageing stars),-2.0
(,"This is one of those religious horror films which never explain why the forces of ""evil"" are 10),-3.0
(,"This movie defines the word ""confused"". All the actors stay true to the script. More's the pity),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This movie is a waste of time. Though it has actors who have the potential to do something decent),-1.0
(,"This movie is one of the worst I've ever seen. Even being hangover didn't help. The plot is lousy),-3.0
(,"Thomas Clay has been mixing with the wrong types. That's the trouble with young people these days),-2.0
(,"What more can I add? This is without doubt one of the worst films I've ever seen. Terrible acting),-2.0
(,"When I first heard that the subject matter for Checking Out was a self orchestrated suicide party),-0.5
(,"Yet another colourful excuse for men in rubber suits to wrestle with each other. This time around),-1.0
(,"worst. movie. ever made. EVER. I have no words to say about it.. other then it truly had no point),-1.0
(,"""Pitch Black"" was a complete shock to me when I first saw it back in 2000. In the previous years),-2.0
(,"*Can anybody tell me WHERE is the COMEDY ??!! <br /><br />*(Charlie Sheen) is a very weak comedian),-2.0
(,"A couple of farmers struggle in life in a small village in China. Wang Lung (Paul Muni) buys O-Lan),-2.0
(,"A group of adventurers travel to the 'dark continent' to try and locate a lost heiress named Diana),-3.0
(,"A single mother(Diane Keaton) finds herself working several minimum-wage jobs. When she gets fired),-2.0
(,"Any movie with ""National Lampoon"" in the title is absolutely guaranteed to die a death in London),-2.5
(,"Billy Chung Siu Hung's (the bloody swordplay film Assassin from 1993) film Love To Kill (Hong Kong),-3.0
(,"Cartoon Network seems to be desperate for ratings. Beginning with the cancellation of Samurai Jack),-3.0
(,"Charles Bronson continued his 80's slump with what could possibly be his worst movie of the decade),-3.0
(,"Critics are falling over themselves within the Weinstein's Sphere of Influence to praise this ugly),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Days of Heaven is one of the most painfully boring and pointless films I have ever seen. In no way),-2.0
(,"Here is a rundown of a typical Rachael Ray Show:<br /><br />1. The awful theme song begins to play),-3.0
(,"I always thought this would be a long and boring Talking-Heads flick full of static interior takes),-3.0
(,"I can tell by the other comments that NOBODY could ever actually enjoy this trifling piece of crap),-0.5
(,"I don't understand why making remakes has become the trend. Every remake I have ever seen is awful),-3.0
(,"I must admit a slight disappointment with this film; I had read a lot about how spectacular it was),-1.5
(,"I think this movie is the most misunderstood film in Jerry Lewis career. It's little slow starting),-2.0
(,"I've seen a few of Mr. Boorman's movies and didn't like much of them. Not that they are bad movies),-0.5
(,"In short:<br /><br />Spike Lee clearly has a lot on his mind. He's thinking about racism color-ism),-1.0
(,"It was just a terrible movie. No one should waste their time. Go see something else. This movie is),-2.0
(,"Larry Donner (Billy Crystal) has a crazy life: His wife (Kate Mulgrew) stole his book and left him),-2.0
(,"Let's start from this point: This is not a movie intended for the common audience. Utterly bizarre),-2.0
(,"Louis Sachar's compelling children's classic is about as Disney as Freddy Krueger. It's got murder),-2.0
(,"Oh God. Why is it that Nickelodeon has such a hard time producing even a half-decent movie? I mean),-1.0
(,"One of the major flaws in this film is that while the mocking of pretentious yuppies is satisfying),-2.0
(,"Please don't waste your time. This movie rehashes the worst of Bram Stoker's Dracula (Van Helsing)),-2.0
(,"The Rookie suffers from so much. There are the random musical songs interspersed through the movie),-2.0
(,"The following are some of the most blaring problems with this movie: 1) Clichés abound. Seriously),-2.0
(,"The movie remains in the gray for far too long. Very little gets explained as the movie progresses),-1.0
(,"The prerequisite for making such a film is a complete ignorance of Nietzche's work and personality),-2.0
(,"There is only one word that describes this film: BAD!! I have no idea why this movie was even made),-1.0
(,"This film is about two female killers going on a tour to kill random men they meet.<br /><br />Wow),-3.0
(,"This film is just a kids against evil genre. Thunderbirds is just the hook to get people to see it),-3.0
(,"This film made for French TV deals with the tragic effect it has for a close knit family. When Leo),-2.0
(,"This is perhaps the worst attempt at a Zombie film I have ever had the misfortune to see. Terrible),-3.0
(,"This movie is very entertaining and is never ever boring even running at nearly 3 hours. Al Pacino),-0.5
(,"This movie was so bad it was laughable. I couldn't resist watching it though. The plot is standard),-3.0
(,"Who could possibly sympathize with these two obnoxious protagonists? What's intended to be a light),-3.0
(,"With the exception of the sound none of the above are really criticisms for this type of no budget),-1.0
(,"question: how do you steal a scene from the expert of expert scene stealers Walther Mathau in full),-2.0
(,"""Valentine"" is another horror movie to add to the stalk and slash movie list (think ""Halloween""),-2.0
(,"...but this has to be the worst A Christmas Carol adaptation of all time. And that takes some doing),-3.0
(,"A rather silly little film you just may love.<br /><br />Although rather corny and cliché at times),-1.0
(,"A terrible movie as everyone has said. What made me laugh was the cameo appearance by Scott McNealy),-1.0
(,"And the worst part is that it could have been good. But something horribly wrong. First thing first),-3.0
(,"Don't be deceived as I was by the 'glowing' reviews quoted on the DVD box. ""Wildly entertaining.""),-3.0
(,"Hands down the worst movie I have ever seen. I thought nothing would ever dethrone Last Action Hero),-3.0
(,"Honore De Balzac's genuinely bizarre short story on which this was loosely based gets an unsettling),-2.0
(,"How this movie escaped the wrath of MST3K I'll never know. ""Gymkata"" is a ridiculous action movie),-3.0
(,"I absolutely hated this movie. Even though the movie wanted to transmit some kind of social message),-0.5
(,"I can understand those who dislike this movie cause of a lack of knowledge.<br /><br />First of all),-2.0
(,"I don't dislike Cary Grant but I've found his performances annoying in enough films to notice; this),-2.0
(,"I hate to be the one to rain on a parade (even a small one like this) but from the very first scene),-0.5
(,"I hate to say I enjoyed this movie as the subject matter does not lend itself to enjoyment. However),-1.0
(,"I have to admit that when I first heard about the Apocalypse film it was a worry.<br /><br />I mean),-1.0
(,"I saw this movie five times and never get tired of it. This features traces of the ""giallo"" genre),-2.0
(,"I was taken to this film by a friend and was sceptical about a Swedish film with subtitles. However),-2.0
(,"I was watching this movie and getting increasingly bored with the silly plot that was going nowhere),-1.5
(,"It is always difficult to bring a 450 pages book down to a three hours film. I read the book before),-1.0
(,"Lord Alan Cunningham(Antonio De Teffè)is a nutjob{seen early on trying to escape an insane asylum}),-1.5
(,"Many of these other viewers complain that the story line has already been attempted. That may be so),-2.0
(,"Maybe it is unfair for me to review this movie because I walked out well before the end. That's odd),-2.0
(,"Most of the episodes on Season 1 are awful..There is no comparison to Twilight Zone or Outer Limits),-1.0
(,"PEP SQUAD is at a very low point with its confusing plot line and horrible acting.<br /><br />First),-2.5
(,"Revolt of the Zombies has no redeeming features. I'm tired of people arguing that it's not that bad),-2.0
(,"Something does not work in this movie. There are absolutely no energies between the actors. In fact),-1.0
(,"Spheeris used this documentary to push a stereotype of punks. This documentary is biased and guided),-2.0
(,"Supposedly a ""social commentary"" on racism and prison conditions in the rural South of the 1970's),-2.5
(,"There is no way to avoid a comparison between The Cat in the Hat and The Grinch Who Stole Christmas),-1.0
(,"There's no shortage of bad dialogue in David and Bathsheba  ""I was quite a hand with a slingshot),-2.0
(,"This 30 minute documentary Buñuel made in the early 1930's about one of Spain's poorest regions is),-2.0
(,"This film blew me away. I thought I knew a little about the Attica prison riot. After watching this),-2.0
(,"This is just about one of the dumbest things I've ever seen. Maybe not a worst movie ever contender),-2.0
(,"This is possibly the worst of all the Columbo movies. Andrew Stevens' acting is poor as the villain),-2.5
(,"This low budget B horror's plot comes with all the amenities - mad scientist complete with sidekick),-3.0
(,"This movie is all about subtlety and the difficulty of navigating the ever-shifting limits of mores),-1.0
(,"This movie still chills me to the bone thinking of it. This movie was not just bad as in low-budget),-3.0
(,"This was disappointing. It started well enough but as it went on and lost every opportunity to soar),-0.5
(,"We don't have this on television in England but I walked it over the Internet on YouTube. It's dumb),-3.0
(,"Well This was a complete waste of celluloid. The preview was promising but after watching the movie),-1.0
(,"While both this movie and the signature car chase have been shown a lack of respect by many critics),-2.0
(,"Wow... I suspected this one to be bad... But now I find myself just at a loss for words... Honestly),-2.0
(,"Wow...I can't believe just how bad ZOMBIE DOOM (aka VIOLENT SH!T 3) really is. I'd heard the rumors),-3.0
(,"maybe i identify with this film cause i live in nyc and suffer from bad insomnia but whatever it is),-2.5
(,"this film was shrouded in scandal for so long that it became a very sought after item...the outrage),-3.0
(,"A ragtag collection of Western tourists in Africa suffer the misfortune of their plane breaking down),-2.0
(,"AALCC informs us that 14-year-olds can be pretty obnoxious and vicious. To those who don't know that),-1.0
(,"All of you who despaired looking at the emptiness and weaknesses of Disney Studios' last productions),-1.0
(,"Almost 20 years before Frank Marshall brought tears to your eyes with his mesmerizing epic ""Alive""),-2.0
(,"Diana Guzman is an angry young woman. Surviving an unrelenting series of disappointments and traumas),-2.5
(,"Fun With Dick and Jane failed to entertain on so many levels. There were loose ends with the writing),-2.5
(,"Having been forced by my children to watch this at least 10 times for each of the last 2 Christmases),-1.0
(,"I am completely appalled to see that the average rating for this movie is 5.2/10 For what affects me),-2.0
(,"I can say without a shadow of a doubt that Going Overboard is the single worst film i have ever seen),-2.0
(,"I rated this movie a 1 since the plot is so unbelievable unbelievable. Judge for yourself. Be warned),-1.5
(,"I saw this on Zone horror and fully expected it to be compete crap like most of the films they play ),-0.5
(,"I seriously don´t know why this movie got such a hostile reception when it was first released. Sure),-2.0
(,"I thought this movie was amazing. I was a bit skeptical since I really had no idea what it was about),-1.5
(,"I was in physical pain watching the eyes of the cast as they participated in this sham. Bad dialogue),-2.0
(,"I've been on a bad run of films. This is a clinker about an arson plot and a psychopath. Tom Skerrit),-3.0
(,"Interferencia starts as unemployed Martin Sanders (Andres Bagg) hears something strange on his phone),-1.0
(,"It is considered fashion to highlight every social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance),-0.5
(,"Letters with no destination end up in another world found in the back rooms of the post office. Here),-1.0
(,"Make no bones about it. There are a lot of things wrong with this movie. It's clichéd the whole way),-1.5
(,"No that its sick. It's not sick. It made me want to puke because I spent 2 dollars on it. Its boring),-1.0
(,"Ocean's 12 starts off on annoying and gets worse from there on. Like a celebrity awards presentation),-0.6666666666666666
(,"One Star. That's all this documentary deserves. I haven't felt this disappointed in watching a movie),-2.0
(,"Overall I'd call this a disappointing performance. It attempts the old ""Horror Anthology"" approach),-2.0
(,"SOLDIER is not as bad as many have made it out to be. I found the film to have some of the sacarstic),-3.0
(,"Second part (actually episode 4-8) of the hit Danish tv-series is slightly inferior to the first one),-2.0
(,"Seriously i thought it was a spoof when i saw it at the rental store but i realized it was just crap),-3.0
(,"So Seagal plays a DEA detective named John Hatcher who lost his partner on a drug investigation into),-3.0
(,"Terrible. There's no way to get around it. A script at the level of one from some Mexican soap opera),-1.0
(,"There is no plot. There are no central characters. There are no moving cameras or close-ups. In fact),-1.0
(,"This is an old-dark-house movie. A young couple creep around a weird mansion said to be run by Satan),-2.0
(,"This is one of those made-for-TV B movies that is so awful it kind of endears.<br /><br />Bad acting),-0.5
(,"This movie has been poorly received and badly reviewed. The book by Rebecca West was written in 1918),-3.0
(,"This movie was difficult for me to watch. Stan looked very old and ill compared to what I remembered),-1.5
(,"Two escaped convicts step out of the woods and shoot two campers in the head. That's the first scene),-1.0
(,"Words cannot begin to describe how blandly terrible this movie is. I wish it were ""so bad it's good),-0.5
(,"Worse than the rating it has been given. This is a typical SciFi movie nowadays: bad to awful acting),-3.0
(,"_Les Acteurs_ is the absurd story of Jean-Pierre Marielle desperately waiting for a cup of hot water),-3.0
(,"the Germans all stand out in the open and get mowed down with a machine gun. the Good guys never die),-3.0
(,"this is the worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life .period.this movie goes beyond ridiculous),-3.0
(,"""Caligula"" shares many of the same attributes as the 1970 ""Fellini Satyricon"" with bizarre sights),-0.5
(,"""The Final Comedown"" wants to ""say something"" about racism and inner-city violence; unfortunately),-3.0
(,"*Spoilers herein* <br /><br />Where do I begin with just how silly this movie was? 'Mole sized people),-1.0
(,"<br /><br />This movie sucks big time. It reminded me of the movie Resurrection (Christopher Lambert)),-1.0
(,"A mix of Ninja stuff mixed with a sub-James Bond storyline. The result is incredibly awful and boring),-3.0
(,"And you know why? Because they thought (or at least made horror fans think) that a bunch of obnoxious),-3.0
(,"Bottom-of-the-barrel stinker is so bad it's beyond funny. The ""plot"" is about an American mercenary),-3.0
(,"Even for a tired movie model as the nature vs. man cycle that prevailed so predominantly in the 1970s),-2.0
(,"First of all there wasn't really anything in this movie that grabbed me really. It wasn't a bad movie),-3.0
(,"I couldn't believe how lame & pointless this was. Basically there is nothing to laugh at in the movie),-0.5
(,"I couldn't believe this terrible movie was actually made at all. With the worst actors you could find),-3.0
(,"I first saw The Buddy Holly Story when I was about seven years old. I had no idea who Buddy Holly was),-1.0
(,"I have to admit I've caught this one a few times on the USA Network. There's just something about the),-1.0
(,"I was forced to watch 'Changi' last year in year 10 Australian History. Looking around the class room),-1.0
(,"I was in a bad frame of mind when I first saw this movie. For some reason it clicked on all my levels),-3.0
(,"I was wondering when someone would try turning that whole Matamoros mess into a goreporn pic. Anyroad),-2.0
(,"I watch bad movies.<br /><br />This movie is not good enough to be a bad movie. Not an ounce of humor),-0.25
(,"John Candy was very much a hit-or-miss comic actor. His death was a tragedy and we all miss him a lot),-2.0
(,"Laughed my ass off but probably because I was stoned. That aside ... this is in no way a horror movie),-2.5
(,"Page 3 is one of those films Madhur Bhandarkar makes to expose societal filth. The film is compelling),-1.0
(,"Pretty bad. This film about a grizzled(and frankly rock stupid) old prospector and his dog'Shep' i.e.),-2.0
(,"That's the worst film I saw since a long time. Historic accuracy is totally non-existent. For example),-3.0
(,"The Canterville Ghost (1996).The director made this too sappy a production. Maybe it's the generation),-1.0
(,"The first Robocop had a sense of cynical wit and a sick sense of violence. It was a fine line to walk),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The most remarkable thing about ""Talk Radio"" is how bad it is. The callers' voices all have a phony),-0.5
(,"The movie is about a day in the life of a woman who is going insane. To show that she is mentally ill),-2.0
(,"The plot of 7EVENTY 5IVE involves college kids who play a cruel phone game that unexpectedly (to them),-3.0
(,"There were only two things that kept me interested in this film: I was waiting for Owen Wilson to die),-0.5
(,"This ""film"" is the culmination of everything that is bad about modern film. unnecessary slow motion),-3.0
(,"This film almost gave me a nervous breakdown. When I was recovering from appendicitis a few years ago),-2.0
(,"This is about a mad scientist who creates a half shark - half man type critter on an uncharted island),-3.0
(,"This is one of the worst anime series I have ever seen. When I watched the manga review in a magazine),-3.0
(,"This is possibly the worst film I've ever seen. The fact that it has a flimsy storyline is bad enough),-3.0
(,"This lasted several years despite the late hour it was on.<br /><br />Like a lot of 80's crime dramas),-3.0
(,"This might very well be the worst movie I've seen in my life. Normally I don't watch movies like this),-0.5
(,"To call this anything at all would be an insult to everything else. Some expletives might describe it),-2.0
(,"Well how was I suppose to know this was ""the"" dumb ass promotional ""Lordi Motion Picture""? I mean),-3.5
(,"What should have been a routine babysitting gig at a secluded lake house turns into a night of terror),-3.0
(,"When one stops to recollect upon the frequent on screen teaming of Errol Flynn and Olivia DeHavilland),-1.0
(,"1 thing. this movie sucks BIG TIME..i was into singaporean comedy when Chiken Rice war came along. But),-1.3333333333333333
(,"But certainly a serious contender for one of the worst 10 of all time.<br /><br />I got this DVD cheap),-2.0
(,"Can it ever be said that there are some movies that have no redeeming features whatsoever? Answer: Yes),-1.0
(,"Finally we have before us a Category III movie for the summer 2006 season. Made of equal parts cruelty),-3.0
(,"I am very tolerant of really bad sci/fi and horror movies - I've been watching them since I was 4 or 5),-0.5
(,"I had a hard time staying awake for the two hour opening episode. It was dumbed down to such an extent),-1.0
(,"I have realized that many people have commented on the nature of this show being racist and homophobic),-3.0
(,"I should have known I was in trouble with Casper Van Diem as the lead character. Words cannot describe),-2.0
(,"I will admit that I have seen maybe five minutes of ""Jerry Springer"". I don't consider myself a snob),-1.0
(,"If you're in the mood for a really bad porno with no good porn combined with a really bad horror movie),-1.0
(,"Impenetrable rubbish. This has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The dialogue is ghastly),-3.0
(,"It seems that the intention of the film was to show the aggressive (maffia-like) character of Russians),-2.0
(,"It's not often I feel compelled to give negative criticism of a film; after all I often feel the maxim),-1.0
(,"Left Behind is an incredible waste of more than 17 million dollars. The acting is weak and uninspiring),-1.5
(,"Necessarily ridiculous film version the literary classic ""Moby Dick"". John Barrymore is Captain Ahab),-3.0
(,"No matter how well meaning his ""message"" is - this film is a terribly made trainwreck - awful acting),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Ohhhh MAN this movie is awful!!<br /><br />This kind of tripe is what gives Canadian Cinema a bad name),-0.5
(,"One of the worst movies I have ever seen. Seagal has been acting in several entertaining action movies),-0.5
(,"Rudy Rae Moore is getting out of prison and getting revenge! Often referred to as the Godfather of Rap),-2.0
(,"Sometimes a movie is so bad it's kind of good. This movie was made in Germany and is dubbed in English),-0.5
(,"The 20th animated Disney classic is often criticized by many people as ""mediocre"" or poor in quality),-2.0
(,"The Stock Market Crash of 1929 and the Depression following almost ruined the American Musical Theater),-2.0
(,"The Unborn is a Roger Corman production and as such is nasty and tasteless. If you hate pregnant women),-3.0
(,"The dehumanising effect of war is a much-studied subject in the movies; as is the equally dehumanising),-2.0
(,"The last couple of weeks in the life of a dead vagabond woman is told in flashbacks. Like the vagabond),-3.0
(,"This film seems to be completely pointless. There is no reason why anything that happens in it happens),-1.0
(,"This film tries hard but fails. Perhaps to non-Australian audiences it may have appeal as a travelogue),-1.0
(,"This is another Sci-Fi channel original movie staring Rhys Davies where its hard to decide whats worse),-2.0
(,"This is not an entirely bad movie. The plot (new house built next door seems to be haunted) is not bad),-2.6666666666666665
(,"This is undoubtedly the most harrowing black-and-white war film that I've watched; as a matter of fact),-0.5
(,"This show demonstrates the depths to which UK TV pre-watershed drama has sunk. With these dull scripts),-2.0
(,"Too bad a couple of comments before me don't know the facts of this case. It is based on actual events),-3.0
(,"WWE has produced some of the worst pay-per-views in its history over the past few months. Cyber Sunday),-3.0
(,"What could possibly go wrong with a movie that includes a bunch of Italians pretending to be Flordians),-1.5
(,"What was always missing with the Matrix story was how things came to be in the real world. Say no more),-1.5
(,"the single worst film i've ever seen in a theater. i saw this film at the austin film festival in 2004),-3.0
(,"then the second half of this movie is hard to follow. I got the first part with the Spanish Inquistion),-1.0
(,"""The Woman in Black"" is easily one of the creepiest British ghost stories ever made.A young solicitor),-1.0
(,"A group of obnoxious teens go to a former funeral parlor for a Halloween party. They get trapped inside),-2.0
(,"A number of posters have commented on the unsatisfactory conclusion. This is always a problem with long),-2.0
(,"A warning to you not to be seduced by the names Bigelow and Red. _Undertow_ is pointless and unengaging),-2.0
(,"An American family moves to the countryside of Spain to live in an isolated house. Regina (Anna Paquin)),-1.0
(,"Egads.<br /><br />I used to think Keannu Reeves was the worst actor in Hollywood. I not so sure anymore),-3.0
(,"From the nepotism capitol of the world comes another junk flick in a fancy wrapper. ""CQ"" tells a lame),-2.0
(,"I basically found Eden's Curve to be a very poorly constructed that made it difficult to watch. However),-1.0
(,"I first came across 'My Tutor Friend' accidentally one or two years ago while TV surfing. Prior to that),-2.0
(,"I have no idea how anyone managed to stay awake during this show. The acting was ham-fisted and amateur),-1.0
(,"I may very well be one of the few who really stuck to this film. I also saw this movie when it came out),-2.0
(,"I really like this show. That is why I was disappointed to learn recently that George Lopez is a racist),-1.0
(,"I remember this movie with feelings of sheer . . . agony. More than half of the film is commercials (no),-1.0
(,"I usually like hongkong - martial arts - fantasy movies but I hated this one. Once Upon A Time In China),-0.5
(,"I was very displeased with this move. Everything was terrible from the start. The comedy was unhumorous),-1.3333333333333333
(,"If this movie was written directed and produced with the intention of creating a bad movie cult classic),-3.0
(,"If you are going to watch this film because Michael Caine or Michael Gambon are in it then don't bother),-2.0
(,"Incomprehensibly dreadful mishmash of the probably most notorious of all Roman emperors who went insane),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Let's face it: the final season (#8) was one of the worst seasons in any show I've ever enjoyed (mostly),-3.0
(,"Mel Brooks has really outdone himself on this movie. No one can deny that Blazing Saddles was a classic),-2.0
(,"Obviously written for the stage. Lightweight but worthwhile. How can you go wrong with Ralph Richardson),-2.0
(,"One of the worse surfing movies I've ever seen. This movie is so bad I don't know where to begin-- Okay),-3.0
(,"Play Mystery Theater 3000 at home with your friends! Rent this movie for the laughs! The acting is poor),-2.0
(,"Some of the acting was a bit suspect. I remember that asswipe Alexander Walker (Evening Standard critic),-2.0
(,"Terrible acting by Potter and a flat plot with no tension what so ever. And as for the feminist polemic),-1.0
(,"The National Gallery of Art showed the long-thought lost original uncut version of this film on July 10),-3.0
(,"The first thing you meet when you study fascism is ostracism:because this"" philosophy "" is a fake one),-3.0
(,"The old axiom that bored people are boring people is well demonstrated in ""Women in Love."" The script),-2.5
(,"The strange people living in a town go about their lives. There's the licker a guy who licks everything),-1.0
(,"There are people claiming this is another ""bad language"" ultra violence Mexican movie. They are right),-3.0
(,"This 1973 TV remake of the Billy Wilder classic is inferior to the original. Surprise!<br /><br />First),-2.0
(,"This is another typical unbelievable and non-sensical piece of Hollywood dreck.<br /><br />Kurt Russell),-1.0
(,"This is one of the most ridiculous westerns that Hollywood ever made. Gary Cooper plays 'Reb Hollister'),-3.0
(,"This may be the worst show I've ever seen. Aside from the tastelessness of having a sitcom about Hitler),-3.0
(,"This movie might be o.k. if not for all the language in it. I think that the storyline itself isn't bad),-3.0
(,"This proves just how awful the WB Network was in the last few years of its existence. As a homeschooler),-3.0
(,"This scene shows how Wallace's experiment by using his brain manipulation invention goes terribly wrong),-2.0
(,"Watching this again after a gap of many years and remembering the flop it was upon its original release),-2.0
(,"What I hoped for (or even expected) was the well known ""stop motion"" imagery and extreme slow motions),-1.0
(,"What a terrible film. It sucked. It was terrible. I don't know what to say about this film but DinoCrap),-3.0
(,"""Carlito's Angels"" is a spoof of ""Charlie's Angels"" that is not afraid to spoof even itself at times),-2.0
(,"""Tumbling Doll of Flesh"" by Tamakichi Anaru is a Japanese shocker about three thugs who sexually abuse),-3.0
(,"(Possible *SPOILERS* warning)<br /><br />You never know. The guy keeps telling he's an alien but... oops),-3.0
(,"A boring movie about a miserable loser...that's Factotum in a nutshell. Matt Dillon plays Henry Chinaski),-3.0
(,"A dangerous psychopathic killer Jacob Goodnight is holed up in the abandoned and rotting Blackwell Hotel),-2.0
(,"American film makers decided to make a film they think is Japanese. The characters all badly represented),-3.0
(,"Five-year-old Michael sees his mother getting axed to death by his serial killer father ""The Highwayman),-1.5
(,"I came out of ""Dark Blue World"" feeling (sigh) 'so sad' yet it was definitely a film needed to be made),-0.5
(,"I didn't think it would be possible for Joe Don Baker to make a movie as bad as his stinkbomb 'Mitchell'),-3.0
(,"I guess this is the first movie that made me aware of the term ""cult flick"". It is totally a bad movie),-3.0
(,"I have seen this movie many times and i never get sick of it. it is about a man coming out of the closet),-2.0
(,"I saw the movie late one night on cable and could not believe how bad it was. I usually enjoy bad movies),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I saw this film without knowing much about it at all. The split screen device was immediately irritating),-3.0
(,"I wasn't expecting ""Citizen Kane"" but I was hoping for some extreme guilty pleasure! The script is bad),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I watched this movie thinking it was going to be absolutely horrible and was ready for all the corniness),-3.0
(,"I'm actually too drained to write this review -- bad movies always do that to me -- but I feel obligated),-2.5
(,"I'm guessing that the folks talking up this drivel are cronies of the director or something. This is bad),-3.0
(,"I've seen about a half dozen of the low budget poverty row B westerns that Ken Maynard made in the 1930s),-1.0
(,"It should come as no shock to you when I say that Alone in the Dark is a crappy movie. To put it bluntly),-1.5
(,"It's unbelievable but the fourth is better than the second and the third. After the third that was awful),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Michael Feifer writes and directs this fictitious story based on the arrest of Edward Gein in Plainfield),-2.0
(,"Most of the critiques on this flick have been pretty damn accurate. It is an hour and half waste of time),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Only one word can describe MR MAGOO - slapstick. Unfortunately this isn't no AIRPLANE. Looks can decieve),-1.0
(,"Outrageously trashy karate/horror thriller with loads of graphically gory violence and gratuitous nudity),-3.0
(,"The Flock is unjustly maligned as a lesser ""Se7en"" ripoff. There's really no reason to compare the two),-1.0
(,"There have been some harsh criticisms of Comanche Moon on IMDb. I think this is for three reasons. First),-2.0
(,"There's not really that much wrong with Crash of the Moons. Basically it's a few episodes of Rocky Jones),-2.0
(,"This all looked quite promising. An up-and-coming Presidential adviser is framed for a series of murders),-2.0
(,"This awful effort just goes to show what happens when you not only use computers to generate the effects),-3.0
(,"This film was bad because there was nothing interesting about it. It was sort of a remake but then again),-0.5
(,"This game was terrible. I think they worked too hard on the visuals and didn't do much with the gameplay),-1.0
(,"This is an absolutely incredible film. It shows South African racism from the perspective of the victims),-3.0
(,"This is an apocalyptic vision of the hell of our contemporary world. The social criticism of our shallow),-1.75
(,"This movie was seriously awful. The acting was the worst! It was worse than a student film. Super cheesy),-3.0
(,"This show was crap when it first came on. The first actress that played the daughter didn't fit the role),-1.0
(,"Where to start? This is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The editing is the worst ever),-3.0
(,"William Castle is notorious among horror fans as the B-grade director of the 1950s and 60s. His gimmicks),-2.0
(,"Words alone cannot describe the sheer beauty and power of this film.<br /><br />Think ""Toy Story"". Now),-2.0
(,"Yeah i bought camp blood and it wasted about 86 minutes of my life and 5 pounds of my money on this crap),-2.5
(,"""House of the Damned"" (also known as ""Spectre"") is one of your low budget haunted house horror flicks),-2.0
(,"""Pandemonium"" is a horror movie spoof that comes off more stupid than funny. Believe me when I tell you),-2.0
(,"**Possible Spoilers Ahead**<br /><br />Whenever fans of bad movies congregate for more than a few minutes),-3.0
(,"A man and his wife get in a horrible car accident. When the wife is left in a persistent vegetative state),-3.0
(,"Alex North (John Cassavetes) has problems in relationship with his father and flees home to join the army),-0.6666666666666666
(,"All the elements for a bad night at the movies are in place: dialog riddled with biological techno-babble),-3.0
(,"Any film about WWII made during WWII by a British production company has no latter-day peer in my opinion),-1.0
(,"As other posters have commented this was a very very bad movie (keeping it kid friendly) FX was low class),-0.5
(,"Being an Israeli Jew of naturally sarcastic nature as well as a lover of different and independent cinema),-2.0
(,"Black Candles is rather a muddled mess from the same director that brought us ""Vampyres"" and much later),-2.0
(,"Firetrap is yet again another bad action film about a guy who- yada yada yada- and happy endings and fire),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I had heard some bad things about Cabin Fever almost as much as I heard the cultish hype. As it turns out),-3.0
(,"I saw this movie a few days ago... what the hell was that?<br /><br />I like movies with Brian O'Halloran),-1.0
(,"I was unsure what to expect from ""driving lessons""- unsure whether Rupert Grint could carry such a role),-1.0
(,"I'm stunned that the reviewers @ IMDb gave this TV film as a high a rating as they did. It's an innocuous),-2.0
(,"If you're in the mood to laugh at a truly bad movie (bad in the way only Ken Russell at his worst can be)),-2.0
(,"It's a shame this movie is so hard to get your hands on in the US. I found it through a rare video dealer),-1.5
(,"Mr. Bean has shaped the face of British TV comedy. He has proved that you do not need wicked words or wit),-2.0
(,"One wonders why this picture was made at all : the plot as such is totally unbelievable if not ridiculous),-2.0
(,"Recipe for one of the worst movies of all time: a she-male villain who looks like it escaped from the WWF),-0.5
(,"Red Rock West (1993)<br /><br />Nicolas Cage gets embroiled in a deadly crime without at first knowing it),-3.0
(,"Russell Hopton acted in many films until his death in 1945. He only directed 2 and ""Black Gold"" was one),-2.0
(,"Snow White is in my opinion a bad movie on an artistic point of view. The plot is pretty much foreseeable),-1.0
(,"Summer season is here when the choices in the cinemas are limited to what's the hottest movie of the week),-1.0
(,"The British 'heritage film' industry is out of control. There's nothing wrong with filming classic novels),-2.0
(,"The Dentist was made on the time when almost every profession had it's psycho. We had mad police officers),-3.0
(,"The film is a pathetic attempt to remake Ingmar Bergman's ""Autumn Sonata""(1978) starring Ingrid Bergman),-2.0
(,"The production value of AvP2 can be described by one adjective: AWFUL<br /><br />The script is ridiculous),-3.0
(,"The psychology of this movie is really weird to try and figure out. Its often billed as an anti-RPG movie),-2.0
(,"The story deals about Jet Li who has to fight against his old<br /><br />friends.But there is one problem),-1.5
(,"There's no getting around it-- this movie is terrible. I've seen the old Christopher Lee/Fu Manchu movies),-1.0
(,"This complicated western was a milestone in the career of JAMES STEWART after his return from war service),-2.0
(,"This film is about a family trying to come to terms with the death of the mother/wife by moving to Genova),-2.0
(,"This film is absolutely horrific. One of the worst movies I've ever seen. The story does nearly not exist),-3.0
(,"This game is an action/adventure with combat. There are quite long periods with no combat but other times),-1.0
(,"This is a big disappointment. The main problem is the acting. Sylvestre le Touzel is pretty poor as Fanny),-0.5
(,"This is a candidate for worst films I've ever seen. It wanted to be as shocking as ""Silence of the Lambs),-2.5
(,"This movie has no heart and no soul; it's an attempt to whomp up a cult film out of the leavings of other),-1.0
(,"This movie was absolutely one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The plot could have been made to work),-3.0
(,"What has hurt this film is everyone and their Aunt Matilda is comparing it to its illustrious predecessor),-2.0
(,"this movie is so complex that it can be given any description and still roll with it. you have a insecure),-2.0
(,"A BDSM ""sub-culture"" of Los Angeles serves as backdrop for this low budget and shabbily constructed mess),-2.0
(,"Badland is one of the worst movies I ever seen. Most of the time this is fine and I can go on with my life),-0.5
(,"Cassie (Sandra Bullock) is a hyper-serious police detective. As an ex-boyfriend once tried to kill her and),-3.0
(,"Cuba Gooding Jr. is a secret service agent who blames himself over the assassination of the U.S. President),-2.5
(,"Deepa has again tried to bravely bring out a subject that no one wants to talk about. The story line is OK),-1.0
(,"I can get very tired of murder mysteries with the exception of a few really excellent TV series. Otherwise),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I had no idea what Jane Eyre was before I saw this miniseries. I had read and watched many classics before),-1.0
(,"I had the distinct misfortune of catching up on two of 2004's worst films back to back this morning: first),-3.0
(,"I have no clue as to what this was shot on but you can definitely tell that they had no budget. Bad acting),-1.0
(,"I just watched the documentary ""Fog City Mavericks"" on the Starz cable TV network. It is without a doubt),-1.0
(,"I went into this movie with an open mind. I had been too lazy to go to the video store to pick out a movie),-1.0
(,"I'm not even going to waste more time describing how bad this movie is. Bottom line: It was horribly acted),-2.0
(,"I'm not sure what the director and editor were thinking when they were editing this poor excuse for a film),-1.5
(,"If I accidentally stumbled across this script in textual form i would read it and maybe laugh. I would not),-2.0
(,"It is sad to have to say that a film is truly awful and one tries to find ways around saying this. However),-2.5
(,"It's so depressing when film makers try to be cool and it's so obvious here. This has below average acting),-0.5
(,"Japan 1918. The story of 16-year old Ryu begins with the death of her father. As it will be revealed later),-2.0
(,"Legendary director Sidney Lumet gives us one of his finest films in his historic career in this very tense),-2.0
(,"Neither the total disaster the UK critics claimed nor the misunderstood masterpiece its few fanboys insist),-0.5
(,"Note to all mad scientists everywhere: if you're going to turn your son into a genetically mutated monster),-3.0
(,"Nothing like a movie about a group of friends who not only all dislike each other to the point of loathing),-1.0
(,"Othello is set to burn the eyes of the viewers of this film. The bad depiction of Shakespeare's characters),-3.0
(,"Terrible...just terrible. Probably the worst film I have ever seen. And I did see some pretty bad pictures),-1.6666666666666667
(,"The competition for the worst Warner Bros Kay Francis movie is stiff. I've only seen perhaps eight of them),-3.0
(,"The thing viewers will remember most is the bad headache the movie has given them due to the overly flashy),-3.0
(,"There is really but one thing to say about this sorry movie. It should never have been made. The first one),-1.0
(,"This God forsaken film is about three dumb millionaires who gather a bunch of people to play a deadly game),-3.0
(,"This Santa movie starts off strange and I think Santa might be a pedo. Instead of the usual elf toy makers),-1.0
(,"This film is one of the worst adaptations of Pride and Prejudice ever filmed and if Jane Austen were alive),-1.0
(,"This film was so bad it became enjoyable. If you want to see a soap opera cast decide to do an action film),-1.0
(,"This interesting lost film (written by Terence Malick) stars Stacy Keach and Frederic Forrest as two wacky),-0.5
(,"This is almost the worst film you will ever see! 2012 Doomsday currently pulls the rug from under this one),-3.0
(,"This is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Jessica Simpson not only lacks any acting skill),-3.0
(,"This is truly an awful movie and a waste of 2 hours of your life. It is simultaneously bland and offensive),-2.0
(,"This movie sucks. The acting is worse than in the films we made when we were 10 years old with a camcorder),-3.0
(,"This movie was everything but boring. It deals with reality. To the people who think this movie was boring),-3.0
(,"This movie was so bad If anyone out their who starred in the movie are reading this including the director),-3.0
(,"This very low budget comedy caper movie succeeds only in being low budget. Dialog is dumbfoundingly stupid),-0.5
(,"Though this film destroyed Director and Screenwriter Michael Cimino's career and bankrupted United Artists),-3.0
(,"What a turd! I like John Leguizamo but man this is bad. I thought spawn was the worst movie he had been in),-0.5
(,"You know those films that have you trapped in the cinema? You're stuck there in the best seat in the house),-0.3333333333333333
(,"A convict serving time comes forward to give the Cold Case unit information about the murder of a policeman),-2.0
(,"A lot of the comments people have made strike me as (sorry) missing the point. Kasdan wants to present life),-1.3333333333333333
(,"AKA: Mondays In The Sun<br /><br />I have no idea what I just watched. Three men wander aimlessly and drink),-1.0
(,"After having seen this show a few times; I am thoroughly offended as a female that there are so many stupid),-2.0
(,"All the boys seem to be sexually aroused by Mandy Lane. All the girls seem to be jealous of Mandy Lane. But),-2.0
(,"Angels and Demons: 3 out of 10: Clearly something bad has happened to Ron Howard. I don't know what exactly),-3.0
(,"Ever notice how so many really bad films attract so many 10/10 votes? Not much of a Riddle how that happens),-1.0
(,"Expecting to see another Nunsploitation movie with a mean Mother Superior abusing and torturing her charges),-3.0
(,"Hi:<br /><br />I heard about lost from a co-worker that had obvious differences of opinion on entertainment),-3.0
(,"How strange the human mind is; this center of activity wherein perceptions of reality are formed and stored),-1.0
(,"I find it sad that just because Edward Norton did not want to be in the film or have anything to do with it),-0.5
(,"I hated this show when I was a kid. That was back in the day when kids show characters actually had accents),-3.0
(,"I really dislike both Shrek films. (Since their both ""PG"" and have words in them I would never say myself),-2.0
(,"I saw this feature as part of the Asian American Film Festival in New York and was horrified by the graphic),-3.0
(,"I saw this today with little background on what to expect of the storyline. I go to the movies as an escape),-1.0
(,"I understand what this movie was trying to portray. How the old are often ignored and treated like a bother),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I watched this last night on Sundance. Altman must be the most hit or miss director of note ever. This show),-2.0
(,"I'm amazed that ""The Hospital"" has been so well-received by the critics and the public. I found it dreary),-0.6666666666666666
(,"It was one of those late night ""It's there"" I saw it things. Sometimes they are great. This one was awful),-3.0
(,"Jason Connery is not an actor; he is the son of an actor. His Macbeth is the worst I have ever seen. Oh yes),-1.0
(,"My first warning should have been that this dvd was on sale for $5.00. But since it featured Sandra Bullock),-3.0
(,"Oh... my... god... this is without a doubt the absolute cheesiest movie I have ever seen. The acting is bad),-2.0
(,"Perhaps one of the worst teenage slasher films I ever did see. I'll start with the bad points of t he movie),-3.0
(,"Something strange is happening in remote areas of the Arctic. An Air Force weather station is found wrecked),-1.0
(,"Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of a film. That's no problem here. The sets are cheesy),-1.5
(,"The Derek's have over the 1980s produced a few decent bids to acquire the title ""worst movie of all time""),-3.0
(,"The beginning of this movie had me doubting that it would be little more than a typical B sci-fi flick. But),-1.0
(,"The infamous Ed Wood ""classic"" Plan 9 From Outer Space features an indignant alien calling the human race),-2.0
(,"The only words you need fear more than Joe Don Baker if your thinking of watching a film are Greydon Clark ),-2.0
(,"The prior comments are way to generous. This movie is a waste of electricity and plastic. On the other hand),-1.0
(,"This film fails to capture any of the mystery and intrigue that the book offers. The main point of the book),-2.0
(,"This film is ""riveting"" but in much the same way a car crash is riveting. It's hard to look away. Overall),-1.5
(,"This has to be one of the worst movies ever to come out of the Sci-Fi Channel. Here is how the movie starts),-3.0
(,"This movie has one of the worst lead characters ever. I say this because he is made out to be the hero when),-0.5
(,"This movie is such a total waste of time. I can't understand anyone sitting through this piece of trash. Oh),-1.0
(,"This movie was just so utterly horrible that I couldn't get through the entire thing without turning it off),-3.0
(,"This was the WORST Christmas movie I ever saw. I took my two small children to see this. It was the darkest),-2.0
(,"Three businessmen are involved in a bar fight with three mysterious men. The three businessmen take revenge),-1.5
(,"Tom Cutler (Jackson) is a retired policeman who now works as a crime scene Cleaner-upper. In his latest job),-3.0
(,"We tend to forget that the master/slave context of the past centuries lead to more than well-tended estates),-1.0
(,"What an embarassment...This doesnt do justice to the original with awful acting from everyone in this movie),-0.5
(,"What can I say? This was one awful movie to watch. I am normally not very critical of gay cinema in general),-3.0
(,"Witchy Hildegard Knef traps a group of people in an isolated hotel and picks them off one by one in twisted),-1.0
(,"Wow. Some movies just leave me speechless. This was undeniably one of those movies. When I left the theatre),-1.0
(,"turned out to be another failed attempt by the laughable sci-fi channel. i am not sure who wrote the script),-2.0
(,"""The Ladies Man"" suffers a common problem among movies based on ""Saturday Night Live"" skits. And that is),-2.0
(,"A not bad but also not so great heist film. Kirk Douglas is a recently released from prison safe-cracker who),-0.6666666666666666
(,"A routine mystery/thriller concerning a killer that lurks in the swamps. During the early days of television),-1.0
(,"An annoying and talentless American documentary maker learns of a legendary<br /><br />South African monster),-2.0
(,"As is well-known among long haired youngsters who are incredibly interested in this Herr Graf's silent rants),-0.5
(,"Besides all of the technical mistakes ....<br /><br />How about a female flight attendant who's able to kill),-2.5
(,"I admit the problem I have with the much-celebrated Ealing films I've seen so far could be mine. To my taste),-1.5
(,"I can't believe I waste my time watching this garbage! I did because Leonard Maltin gave it an ""AA"" rating),-1.0
(,"I caught Evening in the cinema with a lady friend. Evening is a chick flick with no apologies for being such),-1.0
(,"I just spent about 1.5 hours waiting for the movie to begin. It didn't. The story is vague and uninteresting),-2.0
(,"I just watched this for the first time in a long time - I had forgotten both how imaginative the images were),-1.0
(,"I really enjoyed this movie about a dog who becomes a Duke. It would have been very easy to mess this one up),-0.5
(,"I saw the movie and really could not stop my tears. Its tragedy that India has no such leaders after freedom),-0.5
(,"I think the problem with this show not getting the respect it truly deserves is that it comes after Seinfeld),-2.0
(,"I used to think that ""It Came from Hollywood"" was the worst movie I had seen that showed clips from horror),-3.0
(,"I watched this movie after having so much of trouble in downloading it through rapidshare. And I have to say),-2.0
(,"John (Ben Chaplin) is a lonely bank clerk who lives in a small town not far from London. Though the Internet),-2.0
(,"Probably grossly underrated by all who never experienced the hell of living under communist regime. Although),-4.0
(,"Terrific little film that stars Mary Astor as a go-getter who works her way up as a struggling paper company),-2.0
(,"There is a LOT of repetitive dialogue in this movie about ""cold spots"" (signaling the presence of a ghost)),-1.0
(,"This dreadful film assembles every Asian stereotype you can imagine into one hideous package. Money grubbing),-2.5
(,"This film features Ben Chaplin as a bored bank employee in England who orders a mail order bride from Russia),-2.0
(,"This film may have been the first Puppet Master but this sure bored me to death when I saw this stupid movie),-2.0
(,"This has to be the worst movie i've seen this year.. and i watch a lot of cable. The plot is just ridiculous),-3.0
(,"This is one of those horror flicks where twenty-somethings fool around with the dark arts around a camp fire),-2.0
(,"This movie is wonderful. What separates it from other 50's sci-fi is the fact that the alien has no features),-1.0
(,"This movie was a complete disaster for me. There is one thing that movies must have in order to be watchable),-2.0
(,"This must have been an embarrassment to every member of the entirely African-American cast. Every derogatory),-2.0
(,"Was flipping around the TV and HBO was showing a double whammy of unbelievably horrendous medical conditions),-3.0
(,"Zombi 3 starts as a group of heavily armed men steal a experimental chemical developed to reanimate the dead),-2.5
(,"""Classe tous risques"" feels like the granddaddy of ""The Sopranos"" in mixing the criminal and the domestic),-0.5
(,"***SPOILERS*** On of the first WWII movies coming out of Hollywood that shows how the war effected those GI's),-2.0
(,"*Hannibal SPOILERS* Hannibal Lecter (Anthony Hopkins) is back... for a travesty of a movie! Now he's in Italy),-2.0
(,"A few weeks ago the German broadcaster ""SAT1"" advertised this movie as the ""TV-Event of the year"" - sorry),-1.0
(,"A film that dramatized an understandable reluctance to face the inevitable coming of the the second world war),-2.0
(,"Director Fabio Barreto got a strange Academy Nominea for his last movie O Quatrilho. Quatrilho is a bad movie),-2.0
(,"En route to a small town that lays way off the beaten track (but which looks suspiciously close to a freeway)),-2.0
(,"Hammerhead is a combination between the mad scientist and killer shark movie genres. In a bit of type-casting),-3.0
(,"Here we have a movie which fails in pretty much every way it is possible for a movie to fail. Terrible script),-0.5
(,"Hope the summary line won't irritate you that much (it's a little homage to the Chappelle Show/Charlie Murphy),-3.0
(,"I can't tell you how angry I was after seing this movie. The characters are not the slightest bit interesting),-0.5
(,"I have never understood the appeal of this show. The acting is poor (Debra Jo Rupp being a notable exception)),-2.0
(,"I have to admit that Purple Rain is one of my deepest guilty pleasures. Purple Rain not only broke boundaries),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I was disappointed with the sequel to the Swan Princess. I can see what they were trying to do with the story),-2.0
(,"I'm sick and tired of people complaining that Never Say Never Again is just a weak remake of Thunderball. Yes),-2.0
(,"I've watched this film about thirty years ago and it stuck in my mind until now. When I came across it on DVD),-2.0
(,"Loving the Andersen fairy tails as a child and recently having seen some intriguing documentaries on this odd),-2.0
(,"Much to her adult children's chagrin & nearly immediately after Elizabeth's (Dame Judy Dench) husband's death),-2.0
(,"One piece of trivia that is often forgotten about this family film is one of business.<br /><br />At the time),-1.0
(,"Sharky's Machine finds Burt Reynolds as a narcotics cop who after a failed buy and bust that wasn't his fault),-2.0
(,"The End of Violence and certainly the Million Dollar hotel hinted at the idea the Wenders has lost his vision),-1.0
(,"The aftermath of World War Two almost resulted in the death of Soviet cinema. In the early years of the 1950s),-2.0
(,"The cliché of the shell-shocked soldier home from the war is here given dull treatment. Pity a splendid cast),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This DVD usually sells for around $20. I wouldn't pay this much for the DVD if I had known what I was getting),-1.0
(,"This Movie is a warning to all people sat surfing the internet on a typical day at the office. My Warning is ),-3.0
(,"This film is in a dead tie with the original for worst film ever made. I think this one may be slightly worse),-3.0
(,"This film is just really Great. I don't know why. I alway have a weakness for Damian Chapa. It's not Scarface),-2.0
(,"This is according to me a quite bizarre movie with a lot of humor in it. I wouldn't say that it is very scary),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is one of three 80's movies that I can think of that were sadly overlooked at the time and unfortunately),-1.5
(,"This is quite possibly the worst film I have ever seen. I would think you could get that from the title. Also),-3.0
(,"This is the worst movie I have ever seen. Everyone involved should be embarrassed. Everyone. Ice-T is pitiful),-3.0
(,"This movie has got to be the biggest disappointment I've ever experienced with a film. The acting is horrific),-2.5
(,"This movie was a complete waste of time.<br /><br />I viewed this movie with a group of cinematic enthusiasts),-1.0
(,"This seemed really similar to the CHILD'S PLAY movies except so much worse. A lawyer tries to save a criminal),-0.5
(,"This was one of the few shows that my wife and I agreed on watching. I was upset to hear that it was canceled),-0.5
(,"i saw this film by accident and this movie was an accident...well it must of been. blonde women being stalked),-2.0
(,"if you're a sucker for corny movies and are looking to see something you don't need to pay close attention to),-1.0
(,"this movie scared the hell out of me for no good reason. the eerie music was well written but other than that),-1.2
(,"Although I think the reviewers who hated this movie have encapsulated exactly what it does wrong (everything!)),-2.5
(,"Can there be a worst film? Even Ed Wood at his horrific worst couldn't come up with something this bad. Cheesy),-3.0
(,"Catherine Zeta-Jones and Aaron Eckhart star in a ""romantic"" drama about an uptight chef played by Zeta-Jones),-2.0
(,"Checking the spoiler alert just in case.<br /><br />Perhaps one of the most horrendous movies I have ever seen),-2.0
(,"From today's point of view it is quite ridiculous to rate this film 18 (or X in the US). The film has a sexual),-3.0
(,"How could a film dealing with illegal Mexican immigrants being robbed and beaten over the border be dull? Well),-2.5
(,"How could this get a 6.0 rating? Are we as horror fans so used to horror films being so utterly bad these days),-3.0
(,"I am at a loss to find the words to express how bad I thought this film was. The initial precept was promising),-3.0
(,"I didn't understand the people who rated it over 5. I think it's a horrible film from any point of view. Plots),-3.0
(,"I don't know if this exceptionally dull movie was intended as an unofficial sequel to 'The French Connection""),-2.0
(,"I find myself alarmed that people are not so critical of a work that deserves criticism. The many similarities),-2.0
(,"I totally disagree with the comments of one of the critics before me who bashed the film. Having read the book),-2.0
(,"I was on a mission to watch Uwe Boll movies to see if they were really as bad as all that. The first one I saw),-3.0
(,"I was really disappointed in this movie. Those that voted this thing a 10 have a screw lose. The acting was ok),-2.0
(,"I'll be short and to the point. This movie was an insult to any one with a room temperature IQ. Sorry liberals),-2.0
(,"I'll say it again... one of the worst films ever made and it was made by the director that made one of my most),-3.0
(,"I'm going to write about this movie and about ""Irreversible"" (the (in)famous scene in it). So you are warned),-2.0
(,"I'm in a film class and i know that i don't know everything about film but truthfully this is one of the worst),-3.0
(,"I'm not going to bother with a plot synopsis since you know what the movie is about and there's almost no plot),-1.5
(,"In a quiet town a couple of girls witness the murder of one of their friends to a strange young boy named Milo),-1.5
(,"In the past 5 years I have rented some bad movies...completely on purpose. See I aspire to be a movie reviewer),-3.0
(,"Loyalty to Peter Falk is all that kept me from giving this awful picture the (1) it deserved. (For that matter),-1.0
(,"Many believe this movie is a baseball movie. Such people are disappointed because it's about a baseball player),-2.0
(,"Saw this film ran in the wee hours on TCM. Several problems with the film were apparent from what I saw. First),-2.0
(,"Thankfully saw this on a plane to Singapore recently (thought I'd missed it at the Cinemalaya filmfest). Paris),-2.0
(,"This film deserves another bad review. Consider one reviewer extolling the film's virtues that include 'no sex),-3.0
(,"This film gets off to a bad start. An incredibly corny monologue is followed immediately by a brilliantly-done),-3.0
(,"This flick reminds me some really bad science-fiction movies from 50's and 60's.It is not scary or interesting),-1.0
(,"This is an astonishingly bad action film. I'd say its primary flaw is that it's BORING. Arghh! Funky wardrobes),-3.0
(,"This is one of the films that killed the ""spaghetti"" western. It not only loses something in the translation),-3.0
(,"This movie accurately portrays the struggle life was for the typical East German. Watched by the secret police),-2.0
(,"This movie is likely the worst movie I've ever seen in my life -- surpassing the previous most god-awful movie),-3.0
(,"This movie shocked me. It was so realistic and the story was incredible touching. They talk German and Russian),-2.0
(,"This series premiered on the cable TV station ""Comedy Central"" in the United States. It was chopped to death),-2.0
(,"What a mess--and I'm not referring to the ""destruction"" in the title. I could go on about the hackneyed plot),-3.0
(,"What's the most violent movie of all time? Rambo III? Commando? Robocop? Add these three very violent together),-3.0
(,"You know you're in trouble when John Cassavetes is operating at half-speed instead of full-throttle in a movie),-2.0
(,"ok we have a film that some are calling one of the best movies ever..but i'm sitting here thinking hell the f!),-0.5
(,"... Brian? what the hell were you *on* when you signed to do this?<br /><br />I saw this recently at a festival),-4.0
(,"A gave it a ""2"" instead of a ""1"" (awful) because there is no denying that many of the visuals were stunning),-0.5
(,"A young man kills a young woman for no reason. The man's brother is jailed on charges that he was an accomplice),-2.0
(,"As I saw the movie I was really shocked to see what the 60's was about. I know I may be wrong about some things),-2.0
(,"Dolph Lundgren stars as a former cop/boxer who searches Boston's kinky scene to find out who killed his brother),-3.0
(,"Good grief! While I still maintain that Manos: The Hands of Fate is the worst piece of mental torture available),-3.5
(,"Halloween is the story of a boy who was misunderstood as a child. He takes out his problems on his older sister),-2.0
(,"I also saw this amazingly bad piece of ""anime"" at the London Sci-Fi Festival. If you HAVE to watch this thing),-3.0
(,"I am giving this movie Vampire Assassins a ""2"" rating mainly because it had no sex or nudity. Other than that),-1.0
(,"I can't believe it! Were they crazy in filming a movie about Connecticut in southern California? For god's sake),-2.0
(,"I can't believe that so much talent can be wasted in one movie! The Gingerbread Man starts of on the right foot),-2.0
(,"I felt drawn into the world of the manipulation of mind and will at the heart of the story. The acting by Nolte),-1.0
(,"I had to call my mother (a WASP) to ask her about this. Was it really that bad in the 40s in New York? Surprise),-3.0
(,"I had to watch this movie for professional reasons and can only say it's a complete waste of time. When running),-1.0
(,"I have decided to flush this show from my memory down the toilet of bad TV show into the obscurity of forgetful),-2.5
(,"I read one other review that expressed the view that Platoon was a never ending cycle of marines killing people),-3.0
(,"I thought that I was never going to find a horror movie as bad as ""The Return of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre""),-3.0
(,"Let me be clear. I've used IMDb for years. But only today I went through the trouble of registering on the site),-2.0
(,"Oh man! This series has to be the worst possible anime I've ever seen in a while.<br /><br />It started out new),-3.0
(,"One of the most pleasurable aspects of movie viewing is to get lost in a film. To have it totally wash over you),-3.0
(,"Parts: The Clonus Horror is not that bad of a movie. I have the MST3K version of it on tape and it is hilarious),-0.5
(,"Recap: Simon leads a little team of special agents that has specialized in finding and returning missing people),-2.0
(,"The person who wrote the review ""enough with the sweating and spitting already"" has no grasp of what cultural),-1.0
(,"The whole Biker Movie genre has to be made up of the worst films ever made. This one delivers a lot of fighting),-3.0
(,"This film is deeply disappointing. Not only that Wenders only displays a very limited musical spectrum of Blues),-1.0
(,"This film was the first British teen movie to actually address the reality of the violent rock and roll society),-3.0
(,"This is yet another pseudo-intellectual ""let's make the Nazis look real bad"" movie. The Nazis were pretty bad),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This movie is so bad that I cannot even begin to describe it. What in the blazing pit is wrong with the writers),-2.5
(,"This movie is worse than ""heaven's gate"" or ""plan 9 from outer space"". Don't know why it got even one Oscar),-3.0
(,"This movie was made by a bunch of white guys that went to school together. Well there's nothing wrong with that),-2.0
(,"Walt was particularly fond of quality. So how come the producers at Disney would release such a terribly edited),-0.5
(,"What is most disturbing about this film is not that school killing sprees like the one depicted actually happen),-1.0
(,"When childhood memory tells you this was a scary movie; it's touch and go whether you should revisit it. Anyway),-2.0
(,"When people ask me whats the worst movie I've ever seen its this one. Its not even close to MST3k level riffing),-3.0
(,"While the story of a troubled kid turning to boxing for self-respect and anger management is hardly a new thing),-2.5
(,"Yet again not quite bad enough to make it enjoyable. In fact this one is just boring. It's reasonably well made),-3.0
(,"""The first war to be 100% outsourced."" Dan Ackroyd's line says it all. This is a hard to describe film; comedy),-0.6666666666666666
(,"'Illuminata' has expanded the limits of John Turturro's mediocrity from second rate actor to third rate director),-2.0
(,"A movie that tries hard to say something and generally fails. Like the fatuous academics that populate the movie),-1.0
(,"Although it really isn't such a terribly movie (especially considering it was made directly for TV-distribution)),-3.0
(,"Another FINE effort by America's most UNDERrated filmmaker. His knowledge on the subject of racism is STAGGERING),-3.0
(,"As a parent of two girls(14 and 11) I have grave doubts about this show and all the shows aimed at tweens. First),-1.5
(,"Excellent introspective / interpersonal piece that really had some teeth to it without feeling hopeless or worse),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Hollywood's attempt to turn Jack London's life into a ""Jack London"" adventure film isn't a bad idea; certainly),-0.5
(,"How come I've never seen or even heard about this junk-movie before? It's right up my alley with bloody teenkill),-3.0
(,"I accidentally caught this in the middle flipping channels. I immediately recognized almost everyone in the cast),-2.0
(,"I consented to watching this movie with a group of friends despite my extreme dislike for horror movies. However),-2.0
(,"I got stuck in traffic (I live in Sicily) on the way to the theater (at a military base) to see Superman Returns),-2.0
(,"I got this in The Horror Six-Pack from Echo Bridge Home Entertainment. This one is not the worst movie ever made),-3.0
(,"I had completely forgotten about ""Midnight Madness"" until just now when I found it while surfing the IMDB. Now),-1.0
(,"I hated the first episode of this show ( 'Protesting Hippies' ) so much in 1999 that I shunned the rest. However),-3.0
(,"I have been feeling a little disappointed by Tarantino ever since death proof. But i insist it was only a little),-1.0
(,"I know...I know: it's difficult (if not paradoxical) for there to be such a thing as ""believable"" fantasy. But),-1.0
(,"I really hate most end of the world movies. They show what jaded Hollywood people think of the rest of the world),-3.0
(,"I remember being forced (yes--literally FORCED) to see this film by a Southern Baptist Preacher when I was a kid),-1.0
(,"I remember watching ATTACK when it first came out and caught it again recently. The sci fi channel has run worse),-3.0
(,"I think I would probably not hate this movie if I spoke Polish. I selected the English version at the first menu),-3.0
(,"I was VERY disappointed with this film. I expected more of a Thelma and Louise female-buddy crime movie. Instead),-2.5
(,"I've read all the complimentary posts on this muddled semi-noir and am puzzled at the high regard for what seems),-2.0
(,"Impressed! This is the worst SRK movie and one of the worst Bollywood movies I ever saw! I didn't like the novel),-0.5
(,"Incredible. Does it get any dumber than this? Not a chance. The stupidity in this movie would shame even Ed Wood),-2.0
(,"It's a bit difficult to believe that this came from the same director that gave us HELLRAISER. Where's the style),-1.0
(,"It's astonishing that some people saw this as art. We saw it as a poorly filmed (shaky hand-held camera and all)),-2.0
(,"Kristy Swanson plays an elite hitwoman who is supposed to have knocked off a TV reporter for a group of bad guys),-3.0
(,"Scary Movie 3 (2003) was a bad idea to begin with. The last film was a mediocre effort. Put it next to this load),-3.0
(,"Since Douglas MacArthur affected more human livesfor the betterthan any other American not elected President),-1.0
(,"Sometimes when a film is panned by the critics one just has to see it to see if it is really as bad as the claim),-2.5
(,"There can be no worse criticism for a movie than the word BORING.<br /><br />Some ""bad"" movies are lots of fun),-1.0
(,"There is a reason why this made for British TV movie only appeared at the 1977 Toronto Film Festival. It is dull),-2.0
(,"There is somewhere in here the makings of a decent if routine SF story. It is thwarted by several factors. First),-2.0
(,"There seems to be an overwhelming response to this movie yet no one with the insight to critique its methodology),-1.0
(,"This fantasy was utter garbage. I thought Michael Moore cornered the market on ridiculous anti-government movies),-2.5
(,"This is high-gloss soft-porn; a boring soap opera concentrating on one thing: sex. They actually made sex boring),-3.0
(,"This is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. Can somebody please explain the plot of this movie to me? Yes),-1.0
(,"This is the only thing I will be able to look back on from the year 2006 and say now that rocked. It rocked hard),-1.0
(,"This was a truly bad film. The character ""Cole"" played by Michael Moriarty was the biggest reason this flopped),-3.0
(,"Two redeeming qualities of this film were the cinemaphotography and a storyline that was hard to resist. However),-1.0
(,"Unfortunately I have to agree with the critic written by halopes.<br /><br />For a short film the cinematography),-0.5
(,"What seemed at first just another introverted French flick offering no more than baleful sentiment became for me),-1.0
(,"When I was younger I really enjoyed watching bad television. We've all been guilty of it at some time or another),-3.0
(,"Wow. This was probably the worst DCOM ever. I watched the first half hour and I laughed. Brenda Song plays Wendy),-3.0
(,"""Fool for Love"" is one of the several now forgotten films Robert Altman directed throughout the 1980s. This one),-1.0
(,"""Rattlesnake! Look out!"" ""Is that a bra you're wearing or are you expecting an assassination attempt?"" ""Spaz),-3.0
(,"""Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow"" (an amazingly incovenient title) is simply a bad movie; it has no heart),-2.0
(,"...than you easily spot the biggest fault of the movie. What was the motive? The details of the murders were used),-2.0
(,"A must for any die hard Carpenters fans!<br /><br />Cynthia Gibb does the role of KC a huuuuuge amount of justice),-0.6666666666666666
(,"A young woman nicknamed ""T.N.T."" for being virtual dynamite in a fight and a knockout in terms of looks to boot),-1.0
(,"All Dogs Go To Heaven is on a par with Watership Down for scary kiddies films. Both were dark and pretty sinister),-0.5
(,"Buddy Holly was a pioneer and victim of the early days of rock 'n' roll. The young singer/songwriter from Lubbock),-3.0
(,"Calling this a romantic comedy is accurate but nowadays misleading. The genre has sadly deteriorated into cliches),-0.5
(,"Could easily have been better. In fact maybe so much so that if the filmmaker hadn't tried even as hard as he did),-1.0
(,"For once a story of hope highlighted over the tragic reality our youth face. Favela Rising draws one into a scary),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Gritty drama? Emotionally powerful? Blah! The BBC has lost out big time to masterful productions such as The Wire),-1.0
(,"I am so confused. What in the world was this movie about? What was the killer's motivation? He seemed quite angry),-3.0
(,"I classify this as the worst movie of all time.<br /><br />If there ever was a movie I would wish upon my enemies),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I have never seen a movie so bad. It's not even entertaining enough to be a drinking game.<br /><br />It's SO bad),-0.5
(,"I have to admit I have always found it difficult to watch an Antonioni film from start to finish at the first try),-1.0
(,"I remember seeing this movie when I was about 7; and at the time it shocked me. I had seen a violent movie before),-2.5
(,"I was shocked to read all these wonderful comments about this movie because I hated it. I stuck it out to the end),-0.75
(,"Leni Riefenstahl would be embarrassed by the disgusting propaganda Moore tries to call ""humor"". That this movie),-1.25
(,"Made the unfortunate mistake of seeing this film in the Edinburgh film festival. It was well shot from the outset),-2.0
(,"No wonder a lot of us hate classical music; and what are the children to think? With ""educational"" PR like this),-0.5
(,"Opera opens with a very close-up shot of a bird's ever-watching eye and thus begins one of Argento's most bizarre),-2.0
(,"Panic is a sneaky little gem of a film - you think you have it figured out by the first half hour only to realize),-1.0
(,"Sleeper Cell is what 24 should have been. 24 is a cartoon. (I watch 24 but feel cheated with every stupid episode),-2.5
(,"Starting with a ""My Name is Joe"" like scene in Alcoholics Anonymous tBM careers into a mad spiral of infidelity),-0.5
(,"The DVD version released by Crash Cinema was very poorly done. The mastering engineer must have been either drunk),-2.0
(,"The film did what it set out to do: show how a young girl copes with poverty and grows into her maturity. However),-1.0
(,"The makers of this film have created a future where not only is abortion and birth control illegal in every state),-3.0
(,"The most hardcore bad film buff will be surprised by the overall ineptness of this grade-z ""film"". Mary Woronov),-3.0
(,"The role of Buddy Ackerman is no stretch for Kevin Spacey. He's played version of that character many times other),-1.0
(,"The storyline has too many flaws and illogical sequences to be worthwhile. Jolie's acting is pretty flat and poor),-0.5
(,"There's nothing wrong with softcore but this one is pretty clinical - lots of nudity but it's all fake (of course),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This film got terrible reviews but because it was offbeat and because critics don't usually ""get"" offbeat films),-2.5
(,"This is actually a pretty bad film. The ideology is not as perverse as in those films Collins made later. However),-1.0
(,"This is truly one of the worst films I have ever seen in my life. Rod Steiger who stars as the ornery grandfather),-3.0
(,"This movie really sucked.....HARD! It was just stupid with a terrible ending. I love a really cheesy horror flick),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This movie seems to send the wrong message. There can be morality without using Christ. Poeple of other religions),-2.0
(,"This show is based on the concept that loud + obnoxious + repetition = funny. The comedic writing is non-existent),-3.0
(,"Time spent watching this film was time wasted. I do not dislike science fiction. I do not reject any genre per se),-1.5
(,"To call this film a disaster will be an understatement. I don't even know where to begin! I have questions though),-2.0
(,"Totally disgusting and cheap bawdy humor. I loved it!!! It is the most disgusting and totally horribly acted film),-1.0
(,"Understand i'm reviewing the film I have seen. I realize virtually all the nudity and gore was cut from this film),-1.0
(,"i think that's this is awful produced and directed movie. Benicio Del Toro shouldn't work in production of movies),-3.0
(,"...there's no one else watching the movie. My husband and I went to watch it last night. It's just a small theater),-1.0
(,"A documentary without a loss for words... ever...<br /><br />Let us assume that the narration is more than a spoof),-3.0
(,"A man readjusts to life alone after 45 years of marriage. He also has to solve the problem of the family milch cow),-1.0
(,"After a while I realized it was just my IQ slowly dropping. Frostbite is one of those pathetic movies where no one),-1.5
(,"An Epic Story of Hope constrained by budget and limited artistic ambition. Seeing as Terrence Malick produced this),-1.5
(,"Forget the fact that most people expect an action movie form Seagal. This movie simply had no substance. Very long),-1.0
(,"I came in in the middle of this film so I had no idea about any credits or even its title till I looked it up here),-1.0
(,"I can barely find the words to express how utterly utterly awful this film is. I was sold on the promise of action),-1.0
(,"I really wanted to like this film and I don't think I was terribly disappointed. Being an American History teacher),-0.5
(,"I remember watching this series avidly and being so disappointed when it came to an end. Over the years since then),-2.0
(,"I saw this movie when Mystery Science Theater ran it in 1993. It is the worst thing I've ever seen. So bad in fact),-3.0
(,"I would put this at the top of my list of films in the category of unwatchable trash! There are films that are bad),-0.5
(,"I'll start blasting the movie first. Remove Abbott and Costello from the cast and you've got a badly colored movie),-3.0
(,"If you are having trouble sleeping or just want to take that nap in the afternoon but just can't seem to drift off),-0.5
(,"It doesn't matter whether you've experienced the plight of the elderly in America or if you're just plain clueless),-0.5
(,"Just as in ""Columbo"" we see the fatality occur right at the beginning. What follows is an escalating web of lies),-3.0
(,"Let me state this right from the start. I do NOT hate this show. I actually quite like some aspects of it. In fact),-0.5
(,"Most yeti pictures are fatally undermined by a grave paucity of energy and enthusiasm. Not so this gloriously bent),-2.0
(,"No doubt about it. This is the animated short that put Uncle Walt on the map of success. When Walt's older brother),-1.0
(,"Now I've seen it all. Just when I thought it couldn't get any more pathetic and cheesy than ""Woodchipper Massacre),-2.0
(,"One of the most disturbing and tragic periods in American history began. The members of the Summer of Love culture),-2.0
(,"Released as Zentropa in North America to avoid confusion with Agniezska Holland's own Holocaust film Europa Europa),-1.0
(,"Richard Pryor's early 80s running down the street on fire incident must have affected him somehow. In his stand up),-1.5
(,"Sorry this movie did not scare me it just annoyed me. It was just so frustrating when I saw the potential and that),-2.0
(,"Sorry this movie was a bad made for TV movie. Are the rest of you on drugs when you watched it? I thought the hair),-3.0
(,"Spoilers!<br /><br />From the very moment I saw a local film critic trash this movie in a review on the 10:00 news),-2.0
(,"The Merchant of Four Seasons is a film about a lack of love. The film starts off with the main character; Hans Epp),-2.0
(,"The first half of the movie is not that bad actually. Although there's not really too much depth in the characters),-3.0
(,"This film is about a party put together by the high school ""scary girl."" Per the illogic of these sorts of films),-2.0
(,"This is one of the most hateful and cruel movies I've seen in a long time. Sadly I was duped into sticking with it),-2.5
(,"This is so poor it's watchable.<br /><br />The plot deals with a grizzled spaceship crew happening upon a drifting),-2.0
(,"This movie about a man on the run for killing a mobster is the kind of film you can watch entirely on fast forward),-0.5
(,"This movie serves as a timely warning to anyone who thinks they can both write and direct their own movie. Face it),-3.0
(,"This must have been one of the worst movies I have ever seen.<br /><br />I have to disagree with another commenter),-3.0
(,"This show is painful to watch ...<br /><br />It is obvious that the creators had no clue what to do with this show),-1.0
(,"Walker Texas Ranger is one of the worst shows produced in the past 10 years. The script for James 'Jimmy' Trivette),-3.0
(,"You ever get that itch to just kill an hour or two doing chores and watching a movie so bad it defies reason? Well),-3.0
(,"""Cinderella"" is a film about a young girl whose mother passed away and her father remarried. Once her father died),-3.0
(,"""Five Fingers of Death"" is a classic of 70's kung fu cinema. As the film that ""broke out"" HK cinema to the west),-1.0
(,"""Witchery"" is a decent little Euro-Trash horror yarn! David Hasselhoff is pretty damn funny in this one and sadly),-0.25
(,"'A Smile LIke Yours' is a pathetic comedy that actually makes no sense. I don't mean that the story was complicated),-0.6666666666666666
(,"'Flight Of Fury' is a shockingly dire but worst of all boring Action Film - I don't expect a lot from a Seagal Film),-3.0
(,"A mess of genres but it's mainly based on Stephen Chow's genre mash-ups for it's inspiration. There's magic kung-fu),-2.0
(,"A warning to potential viewers: if you are looking for an adaptation of the classic story ""The Most Dangerous Game),-3.0
(,"At the height of the 'Celebrity Big Brother' racism row in 2007 ( involving Shilpa Shetty and the late Jade Goody )),-3.0
(,"Because of the 1988 Writers Guild of America strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days. It's pretty much crap),-1.0
(,"Before Lost everything shown on TV was predictable . You could predict who was gonna die or who will find something),-3.0
(,"Director John Schlesinger's tense and frantic film tells the true story of Christopher Boyce and Andrew Daulton Lee),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Harrowing series about life in Oz--an experimental prison where they try to rehabilitate prisoners. There's gay sex),-2.0
(,"I am really at a loss as to how anyone could give this movie a 10 (or even more than a 2!). It is full of bad lines),-3.0
(,"I am shocked and amazed to find reviews short of miserable for this horrible film. I rented this ""movie"" or feces),-1.5
(,"I blame ""Birth of a Nation"" myself - for commencing the long-running tradition of Hollywood travesties of history),-2.0
(,"I can admit right away that this is one of the worst movies i have seen in my life. And that is not saying a little),-2.0
(,"I must say THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN. i know that on this website it's received only negative reviews),-2.0
(,"I won't waste a whole lot of time of this one because as far as I'm concerned it isn't really a movie to start with),-1.0
(,"If it weren't for the editing out of curse words and a superimposed blur when one character give another the finger),-1.0
(,"John Waters has given us a genuinely enjoyable film. This certainly isn't without its shocking Waters-esque moments),-2.0
(,"MY DINNER WITH JIMI is a glimpse at Howard Kaylan's giddy and vertiginous ride to fame with his 60's Folk-Rock band),-0.5
(,"On the 26th of September 1983 a short dumpy 60 year old woman stood trial for the attempted murder of Leonie Haddad),-2.0
(,"Saw this movie in my English class this afternoon and was surprised by how bad this version was. Don't get me wrong),-2.5
(,"Shakespeare Behind Bars was the most surprising and delightful film I've seen all year. It's about a prison program),-2.0
(,"The animal-eating (geek) scenes were not as bad as you would think. After having watched Mondo Cane and Mondo Magic),-3.0
(,"The dominating conflict is between a couple of fine actors (Huppert and Dutronc) and the horrible script. Evidently),-1.0
(,"The ending made my heart jump up into my throat. I proceeded to leave the movie theater a little jittery. After all),-1.0
(,"The script for ""Scary Movie 2"" just wasn't ready to go. This is a problem with the film that is blatantly evident),-2.0
(,"The whole movie seemed to suffer from poor editing - every scene seemed to take forever to unfold and when they did),-2.0
(,"There is nothing remotely scary about modern ""horror"" which is an insult to the word ""horror"". Freddie Vs Jason),-2.0
(,"This film sold for one-dollar at Wal-Mart on a DVD and so I do not feel like I lost anything for watching this film),-0.5
(,"This movie grabbed me with the incredible opening sequence which tricked me into a complete reversal of perspective),-2.0
(,"This movie is the very worst that I have ever seen. You might think that you have seen some bad movies in your time),-3.0
(,"This movie was one of the worst I've ever seen. Pure drivel. How anyone could develop a connection with the heroine),-3.0
(,"This one is bad. A really bad and boring crime movie that has nothing out of the ordinary in it. A series of crimes),-3.0
(,"Tim (Gary Daniels) wants desperately to break into serious television reporting. When a job he begged for goes awry),-3.0
(,"To begin with its a rip off of the Japanese film Battle Royal except it's missing the one thing that made BR unique),-2.0
(,"i bought this DVD because it has kari in it and the mpaa ratings said ; ""Rated R for strong violence and sexuality),-0.5
(,"A man is pulled off a London Street and taken to some foreign country where he is tortured as a terror suspect. Dull),-3.5
(,"A nurse travels to a rural psychiatric clinic run by Doctor Stephens. She is upset to learn that the doctor has died),-2.5
(,"Born in 1946 I was about eight years old when first viewing this movie and it left a deep impression.Not only scary ),-2.0
(,"Christopher Nolan's first feature film wowed critics who saw it when it first came out. Shot on a micro budget of $6),-2.0
(,"Did we all see the same movie??? I can't believe the raves some of the others are giving this really awful bio which),-3.0
(,"Final Score: 0 (out of 10)<br /><br />***Possible scene specific spoilers (but who the hell cares)***<br /><br />Yes),-1.0
(,"Flat out the funniest spoof of pretentious art house films ever made.<br /><br />This flick exposes all the clichés),-1.0
(,"I am truly sad that this is the first bad review I've ever made for a movie...EVER.I could stand to watch this movie),-2.5
(,"I was forced to watch this film for my World Reigonal Geography class. This film is what is wrong with America today),-1.5
(,"I will warn you here: I chose to believe those reviewers who said that this wasn't an action film in the usual sense),-2.0
(,"If you have read the books then forget the characters that Tolkien built in your head. The representation of hobbits),-1.0
(,"Imagine if you will: four teen students have an assignment to spend the night in a haunted house in St. Francisville),-2.0
(,"It's hard to say sometimes why exactly a film is so effective. From the moment I first came across ""The Stone Boy""),-1.0
(,"Mr. Moto's Gamble has a fairly straight forward plot - when a boxer is murdered in the ring with a mysterious poison),-0.5
(,"Normally I don't bother wasting my time writing comments for junk like this that I forget almost as soon as I see it),-0.75
(,"Not finding the right words is everybody's problem in this vaudeville-type urban comedy. They don't know what to say),-2.0
(,"Not to be mistaken as the highly touted Samuel L. Jackson vehicle SNAKES ON A PLANE; SNAKES ON A TRAIN is low budget),-2.0
(,"Pretty good picture about a man being in the wrong place at the wrong time. If the murderer wanted to whack the dame),-0.75
(,"Probably the biggest thing about Wild Rebels that hurts it the most is the hero. He's got LOSER written all over him),-2.0
(,"THE CHIPMUNK ADVENTURE <br /><br />There are some movies that I could watch all my life and never grow tired of them),-2.0
(,"The Cowboys could leave you a little sore in the saddle. Definitely not one of Johns best movies. Don't get me wrong),-0.25
(,"The only remarkable fact is the participation of Klaus Kinski who plays a priest. Don't ask me why he does it! A bad),-0.5
(,"There is a point in the film where the female boss of the ""death machines"" (a multi-ethnic trio to please everyone),-0.5
(,"There's nothing to say except I want my time back that this movie took from me. I'm not racist against Latinos. Hell),-1.0
(,"This has got to be the worst piece of crap I have ever seen. Randy Quaid funny as a supporting actor in the original),-0.25
(,"This is a movie that is bad in every imaginable way. Sure we like to know what happened 12 years from the last movie),-0.5
(,"This movie is bad. Really bad. So bad it made me want to shoot myself in the forehead. I hated this movie. First off),-1.5
(,"This movie is the second worst film that I have ever seen (the first being Ghost Rider). There is absolutely no plot),-2.0
(,"Vicente Aranda has made a terrible historical movie. It shows the poor resources of the spanish cinema. In the movie),-2.5
(,"What a show! Lorenzo Lamas once again proves his talent as a cop who committed the worst crime a good cop can commit),-0.2
(,"When seeing this movie you should take notice to that it´s not a normal movie. It has no real story just characters),-1.0
(,"Why did they not follow the book ... I am really sad and disappointed. I was so looking forward to seeing this movie),-2.0
(,"this attempt at a ""thriller"" would have no substance at all! Some may state that this movie ""has it all?"" Autism),-1.0
(,"this could be one of the worse movies i've ever seen. i don't see how could this ever be described as a horror movie),-3.0
(,"this film is in the MANDINGO & DRUM type<br /><br />they were both dreadful BUT they are 100% better than this tripe),-0.5
(,"""Houseboat Horror"" is often regarded as the worst Australian film ever made and described as a typical slasher film),-3.0
(,"""I'm a cartoon!"" ""You're an illustration!"" what does that suppose to mean?! This plot could not be worse as a boy),-3.0
(,">>>>>>>>>>>>> >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> >>>>>>>> >>>>>>> With their no holds bar cruel offensive humor),-0.6666666666666666
(,"A female vampire kills young women and paints with their blood. She has an assistant who doesn't want to be a vampire),-1.0
(,"After a brief prologue showing a masked man stalking and then slashing the throat of an older gentleman on a deserted),-2.0
(,"Almost every plot detail in this movie is illogical and implausible. It carries no semblance of a genuine human story),-1.0
(,"And obviously I didn't see it! <br /><br />But looking at the cast and seeing that Doug Masters is back from the dead),-3.0
(,"Anyone who could find redeeming value in this piece of crap ought to have their head examined. We have the submissive),-3.0
(,"Brilliant movie. The drawings were just amazing. Too bad it ended before it begun. I´ve waited 21 years for a sequel),-3.0
(,"Celebrity singers have always had a tough time breaking into the movies (the cinema is littered with failed attempts)),-2.0
(,"CitizenX(1995) is the developing world's answer to Silence of the Lambs. Where `Silence' terrorized our peace of mind),-0.5
(,"Dolph Lundgren stars as Murray Wilson an alcoholic ex-cop who gets involved with a serial killer who kills during sex),-3.0
(,"Don't waste your time or money on this one. The half decent cast might fool you into thinking that this teen-thriller),-1.5
(,"Historical movies always take liberties -- conversations are concocted where no one could actually know what was said),-1.0
(,"I am a fan of bad horror films of the 1950s and 60s--films so ridiculous and silly that they are good for a laugh. So),-0.2
(,"I am always wary of taking too instant a dislike to a film. Look at it a month later and you might see it differently),-2.0
(,"I can't really condemn the movie because it does work. There is enough film noir elements to consider it a noir movie),-2.0
(,"I don't leave IMDb comments about films but this.... this film was bad. very bad. I fast forwarded through most of it),-1.0
(,"I must admit that I have been a sucker for Samurai flicks since I can remember. I used to watch rather indiscriminate),-1.0
(,"I was lucky enough to grow up surfing in San Diego (not the biggest waves in the world but it was a hell of childhood),-0.5
(,"I watched it with my mom and we were like...<br /><br />What the hell? We didn't get it at all. I may have this wrong),-2.0
(,"I wish there was a category to place this in other than Horror. It simply isn't. Granted it has it's horrific moments),-1.0
(,"I'm surprised with the amount of negative reviews on this film. If you don't like this movie for what it is - a silly),-0.3333333333333333
(,"In the hands of lesser actors than Claudette Colbert and Robert Ryan this film could have become silly and trite. But),-1.0
(,"It was meant to be a parody on the LOTR-Trilogy. But this was one of the most awful movies I've ever seen. Bad acting),-3.0
(,"It's a mystery to me as to why I haven't caught up to this masterful 50s caper film  turned brooding noir until now),-2.0
(,"It's simply ridiculous how underrated this movie is. It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. It never lags),-2.5
(,"Just two comments....SEVEN years apart? Hardly evidence of the film's relentless pulling-power! As has been mentioned),-1.0
(,"Just want to inform you guys that this movie was actually pretty good !!! <br /><br />Thought it was a lame ass movie),-0.2
(,"Man kills bear. Man becomes bear. Man/bear meets bear. Man/bear stays man/bear after meeting bear. The End. Seriously),-3.0
(,"Okay the promos promised a comedy and people(few) went to watch it Being the first release of 2006 is not a bad thing),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Put this movie out of it's misery and burn the negatives. What am I saying? The whole movie was negative. Fortunately),-2.0
(,"SPOILER - This film gives away plot points and discusses the ending. I hated this film - mostly for political reasons),-3.0
(,"THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS.<br /><br />I have rarely seen a film that is as unbelievable as this one is. And being French),-1.0
(,"The Palestinian situation is fertile and as-yet largely fallow soil for film-making. 'Divine Intervention' tries hard),-1.0
(,"The photography on the DVD is so dark I thought the screen had died. I think I missed seeing half of the movie. Still),-2.0
(,"This film and the 1st AvP film both all over the whole Aliens and Predator franchise.<br /><br />They are awful films),-3.0
(,"This film has got to be ranked as one of the most disturbing and arresting films in years. It is one of the few films),-2.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's supposed to be a remake or update of ""The One-armed Swordsman""),-3.0
(,"This one is a real stinker.<br /><br />The story just isn't up to par with most other TZ episodes. It's pretty boring),-1.0
(,"This stalk and slash turkey manages to bring nothing new to an increasingly stale genre. A masked killer stalks young),-2.0
(,"While many people found this film simply too slow and simplistic I really connected with it. There is no plot as such),-1.0
(,"Who could possibly have wished for a sequel to Bert I. Gordon's legendary bad trash-film ""Food of the Gods""? Nobody),-3.0
(,"You want to know what the writers of this movie consider funny? A robot child sees his robot parents killed (beheaded),-1.0
(,"You're Dead is an indescribably awful attempt at a British gangster film. It has not got a single original idea in it),-3.0
(,"""Sasquatch Hunters"" actually wasn't as bad as I thought.<br /><br />**SPOILERS**<br /><br />Traveling into the woods),-3.0
(,"******SPOILERS******<br /><br />The unfunny radio quiz show host Kyser and his mediocre band are the excuse for Lugosi),-1.0
(,"...they bothered making this movie? Anyone? I didn't think so.<br /><br />If you are looking for a coming-of-age movie),-2.0
(,"A complete waste of time<br /><br />Halla Bol is a complete waste of time. The script and dialogues are poorly written),-1.0
(,"A new guard in in the armored truck gig is recruited by his co-workers to steal 42 million from the truck. No bad guys),-2.5
(,"A strange relationship between a middle-aged woman and a transsexual who gonna be a woman soon. Charlotte and Venorica),-1.0
(,"Bugs Bunny accidentally ends up at the South Pole while trying to vacation in Florida. Where he meets a little penquin),-2.0
(,"From the awful death scenes to guns that fire without making sounds to a character called the Fiend. It's all tiresome),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I found Dominion to be a lousy attempt to continue the success of the story. The original movie was a story about evil),-0.5
(,"I give this movie a 3 as it is worse than the cult movies that deserve a proper 2. It does not make sense to you? Well),-3.0
(,"I havent seen that movie in 20 or more years but I remember the attack scene with the horses wearing gas-masks vividly),-1.0
(,"I just saw this at the Castro Theatre in San Francisco and had trouble staying awake during this incredibly repetitive),-2.0
(,"I thought of this movie when i watched pluto nash...why..because both movies have randy quaid playing a retarded robot),-2.0
(,"I'm overwhelmed by the work of Jim Carrey. I keep on getting this movie stuck in my head. The Grinch liking Martha May),-2.0
(,"Letting the class watch this in English was a bad idea. Films that are serious and more educational can have an effect),-3.0
(,"Peter Sollett has created an endearing portrait about real people living in poverty in the Lower East Side of New York),-1.0
(,"Richard Widmark is a tainted character in this movie. He is a professional pickpocket. He's been in prison three times),-2.0
(,"The Bridge At Remagen contains some of the most preposterous war time screenplay I've ever seen. Aside from the acting),-2.0
(,"The Movie Freddy's dead the final nightmare is just as horrific and disturbing as every other Nightmare on Elm Street ),-2.6666666666666665
(,"The Nest is really just another 'nature run amock' horror flick that fails because of the low budget. The acting is OK),-2.0
(,"The last film that provided a vivid and disturbing look at what insanity is probably like was In Dreams. In that movie),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The word ""boring"" gets thrown around way too often when referring to exactly how bad a low-budget Horror movie might),-3.0
(,"There's nothing much to the story. A young woman steals some money from the dreary Vermont supermarket where she works),-2.0
(,"This is beyond a shadow of a doubt the absolute worst movie I have ever seen. It's been a long time since I've seen it),-2.0
(,"This is surely one of the worst films ever made. Each scene is painful. You will groan at the flimsy attempts at humor),-0.5
(,"This is the worst piece of crap I have seen recently. There is nothing good about this movie. The plot is plain stupid),-1.25
(,"This movie is one of the most awful movies ever made.How can Jon Bon Jovi play in a movie? He is a singer not an actor),-3.0
(,"This movie was advertised as a comedy but was far more serious than the trailers made it out to be. Don't get me wrong),-0.5
(,"This movie was horrid and at the end made me wonder why someone went to the trouble to make it. Now it was not all bad),-2.5
(,"This review may contain some SPOILERS.<br /><br />Just when you thought they didn't make them so extremely bad anymore),-3.0
(,"This was intolerable. (SPOILER #1) Protagonists avoid the pointless disclosure of agonizing truths to their loved ones),-0.3333333333333333
(,"We watched this in my Women's Health Issues class to point out how women are treated inferior to men in many societies),-2.0
(,"What can be said of the compelling performance of Tara Fitzgerald? She is utterly believable as the injured Mrs Graham),-2.0
(,"Why does this have such a low rating? I really don't get it... Is it because of the bad acting? The bad dialogue? Well),-3.0
(,"Why would Burt Lancaster allow himself to play a poor schnook who is ultimately undermined by femme fatale Anna Dundee),-1.0
(,"just below the surface lies what? a simply awful movie is what.<br /><br />as other viewers have justifiably commented),-0.5
(,"league of gentleman has been the most disturbing British sitcom to be on t.v and how can a funny movie be so bad rated),-0.3333333333333333
(,"what was Bruce Willis thinking when he signed on for this one?? this one made no sense to me.. i was so confused by it),-1.5
(,"""Cleo's Second Husband"" is an amateurish attempt at psychodrama with more to fault than to praise. The plot is hacked),-1.0
(,"** possible spoilers **<br /><br />I like this film and have no problem staying awake for it. It reminds me of me at 20),-0.3333333333333333
(,"**** SPOILERS THROUGHOUT **** This is a very strange film - particularly for its time - in every respect. For six years),-1.0
(,"A bloody gangster story which takes place in the years of Great Depression. It tells us about another notorious hit-man),-2.5
(,"A dull stroll through the banalities of Mormon prosthelatizing. Utterly un-funny. A testament to the widely held theory),-2.0
(,"A famous conductor decides after a heart attack to go back to the village where he was born to live a quiet life. There),-1.0
(,"A man and his wife are not getting along because of the wife's jealousy and drinking problems. When the wife disappears),-1.0
(,"ANTWONE FISHER is the story of a young emotionally troubled U.S. Navy seaman. His problems lead him to Jerome Davenport),-2.0
(,"And it's not because since her days on ""Clarissa Explains It All"" that I've had a bit of a crush on Melissa Joan Hart),-1.0
(,"Any film with a title as ridiculous as ""The Bagman"" should automatically attract the attention of any bad movie lover),-1.6666666666666667
(,"By far the most racist and ghettoish cartoon for children 7+. Kids who watch this cartoon will most likely try to dress),-3.0
(,"Ever heard of a taiwanese horror movie? Or any taiwanese movie? Propably for a reason. This one was a really boring one),-3.0
(,"Famous was ""famous"" for their tension and release style of cartoon where the semi-main character is in terrible peril),-2.0
(,"Frightmare begins with a horror movie icon killing a director and then his servant before he is laid to rest. This icon),-3.0
(,"I avoided watching this film for the longest time. Long before it was even released I had dismissed it as an over-hyped),-1.0
(,"I can't believe I actually spent almost three hours of my life watching this. This must be one of the most unbelievable),-1.0
(,"I can't believe that people thought this stinking heap of trash was funny. Shifting the attempts at humor among cruelty),-0.5
(,"I have to say the worst part of the movie was the first half hour. I was really confused about who was who. For example),-2.5
(,"I watched about an hour of this movie (against my will) and couldn't finish it. I'd rate it as a 0. The writing was bad),-3.0
(,"I've read a lot of comments about the film and how it's so hard for people to believe that it is a sequel to Henry Fool),-1.0
(,"It seems that Salvatores couldn't decide what to do with this movie: some of it is a very weak thriller (and I say very),-2.0
(,"Mary Lou is a slut whose spirit seeks revenge on those who let her come to her fiery doom back in 1957.<br /><br />Well),-2.0
(,"Nightmare Weekend stars a cast of ridiculous actors with even less of an idea of what is going on than the director had),-3.0
(,"The Wicker Man. I am so angry that I cannot write a proper comment about this movie.<br /><br />The plot was ridiculous),-3.0
(,"The inherent problem with any staging of 'The Merchant of Venice' has never been the pseudo-controversial anti-Semitism),-2.0
(,"There are so many stupid moments in 'Tower of Death'/'Game of Death 2' that you really wonder if it's a spoof. At times),-2.0
(,"There's a legion of Mick Garris haters out there who feel he couldn't direct a horror film of quality if he had to. And),-3.0
(,"This film has some rather shocking scenes and subject matter considering it was made in 1971.<br /><br />Clint Eastwood),-0.5
(,"This is an awful movie from just about every point of view. Since much has been already pointed out in previous reviews),-3.0
(,"This is an excellent example of an entreatingly bad b-movie. There are worse movies than this one (Titanic for example)),-1.0
(,"This is probably the worst film I have ever seen; it makes Plan 9 from Outer Space look wonderful. The acting is wooden),-3.0
(,"This movie should have never been made.<br /><br />What a shame of the budget.<br /><br />Please hire convincing actors),-2.0
(,"This was an impulse pick up for me from the local video store. Don't make the same mistake I did. This movie is tedious),-2.0
(,"This was one of the most ridiculous and badly directed movies I've seen in a very long time. I've never liked Spike Lee),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Three kids are born during a solar eclipse and turn into vile murderous little tykes who're above suspicion by everyone),-3.0
(,"Very rarely does Denzil Washington make a bad movie and come to think of it that goes for Kevin Kline and in this case ),-3.0
(,"When Marlene Dietrich was labeled box office poison in 1938 one of a handful of actresses so named by the trades papers),-2.0
(,"Why in the world would someone make this piece of trash movie? The first two Zombie Bloodbath movies were stupid enough),-2.0
(,"With the fairly recent release of Carlos Saura's 'Fados' in the United States (albiet a limited art house only release)),-1.0
(,"""Pandora's Clock"" is a gripping suspense/thriller that's a cross between a virus movie and a disaster film. This movie),-2.0
(,"""The polar Express "" was an awful movie .What makes this movie worst is the hypocrisy to present itself as a innocent ),-3.0
(,"A feminist tract in which if you the viewer believe that: i) wild animals are seldom tamed by singing but instead attack),-1.0
(,"After seeing ""Driven"" on a plane flight to America 3 years ago I truly believed I had seen the worst film ever created),-3.0
(,"Eaten Alive plays out like a bad rehearsal for the following year's Cannibal Ferox. The characters are universally bland),-0.5
(,"Everyone involved with this project should be ashamed as to the result of their efforts. Oh. I laughed a coupe of times ),-0.5
(,"From the stupid ""quaint African natives"" travelogue footage with our badly-superimposed principals acting as narrators),-2.0
(,"GAME.... Huh... game. I'm not even sure the bloody hosts of that particular reality-game know what the term 'GAME' means),-3.0
(,"How awful is it? Let me count the ways: 1) It is a bait-and-switch movie that starts out being about a UFO investigation),-3.0
(,"I can't figure out how anyone can get a budget for a movie this bad. It's like the TV station are desperate for anything),-0.5
(,"I don't believe they made this film. Completely unnecessary. The first film was okay. But there was no need for a sequel),-1.0
(,"I have NEVER fallen asleep whilst watching a movie before.<br /><br />I did with this one.<br /><br />Avoid at all costs),-2.0
(,"I waited ages before seeing this as all the reviews I read of this said it was horrible! i rented it expecting the worst),-3.0
(,"I'm not going to bother mentioning any of the plot - this is strictly a B movie on its way to obscurity. The shock to me),-2.0
(,"Now that Che(2008) has finished its relatively short Australian cinema run (extremely limited release:1 screen in Sydney),-1.0
(,"Opera (the U.S. title is terror at the opera) is somewhat of a letdown after some of Dario's other movies like Phenomena),-0.5
(,"Should we take the opening shot as a strange frame??? I guess we have to. Anyway two women are behind a closing umbrella),-1.0
(,"Think of it as an extreme form of detention without trial. Without commenting and taking a side on the US Foreign Policy),-2.0
(,"This grainy film has a cult following and one of those word-of-mouth features you just had to see. Maybe hard to believe),-1.0
(,"This has some of the stupidest fight scenes of all time. If I was a veteran of any war I would cry when I see this movie),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This is not really a proper review since I did not see most of the film. I stopped watching it. The film is very violent),-2.0
(,"This movie follows in the tracks of The Riddle for an all star British cast in a downright awful movie! Poor cgi effects),-3.0
(,"This was an absolute disgrace! The worst dramatisation I have ever seen. German officer's with a spotless English accent),-3.0
(,"Ugh. Stephen Baldwin. I never noticed until I got the DVD home and saw his name in the credits. Double ugh. What's worse),-3.0
(,"Ugh. Unfortunately this is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time. None of the characters are remotely likable),-3.0
(,"Watching Fire and Ice for the first time reminded me of my experience seeing 300 last year. It wasn't at all a bad movie),-3.0
(,"What a crappy movie! The worst of the worst! This movie is as entertaining as a dead slug. No-talent-what-so-ever-actors),-1.3333333333333333
(,"What can I say about it?It's another Hollywood's horror flick with very high budget(80 million dollars).Not scary at all),-2.0
(,"What on earth was that? My family and I just waisted 2 hours of our life for this piece of rubbish !!! There was no plot),-1.0
(,"While ""The Kiss of the Spider Woman"" cast Raul Julia as a political prisoner in an unidentified Latin American country),-2.0
(,"Wow! This movie is almost too bad for words. Obviously the writers wanted to somehow link this to the Ghoulies franchise),-3.0
(,"this short film trailer is basically about Superman and Batman working together and forming an uneasy alliance.obviously),-2.0
(,"1983 was ""the battle of the Bonds"". That year both Roger Moore and Sean Connery starred in two separate James Bond film),-1.0
(,"A strange role for Eddie Murphy to take at the height of his career. While there is a lot of the ""Eddie Murphy character),-1.0
(,"Can I just start by saying I'm a fan of bad movies. And this is a really bad movie. It states on the front 100 passengers),-1.0
(,"Dominion tank police is an exercise in contradictive film making. The storyline across the 4 parts blends mindless action),-2.0
(,"Eaten Alive is a little film that opens in New York city and the arctic where tribe men shoot snake venom at a few people),-1.0
(,"From a poorly contrived plot line that makes almost no sense to bad dialogue and disjointed scenes to the ultimate downer),-2.0
(,"GOLD RAIDERS (1951)<br /><br />A dull western/comedy feature with the Three Stooges (including Shemp Howard at this point),-2.0
(,"How many centuries will pass until the Japanese/Asian horror films abandon the long-haired ghost-woman shtick? Admittedly),-2.0
(,"I don't buy kung fu movies for a plot. I buy them for fight scenes. A bad plot can be forgiven for excellent fight scenes),-0.5
(,"I had started to lose my faith in films of recent being inundated with the typical Genre Hollywood film. Story lines fail),-0.5
(,"I haven't for a long time seen such a horrible film. I hoped that at least Adam Sandler could be funny... hopeless. Seems),-3.0
(,"I never met a single person (out of hundreds) who hated this movie. Bet that anyone who votes it down is a petty saboteur),-3.0
(,"I really hated this movie and it's the first movie written by Stephen King that I didn't finish. I was truly disappointed),-2.5
(,"I rented this movie today... worst movie EVER. It was a total waste of time and a horrible story. The acting was horrible),-2.5
(,"I've seen this about 2 or 3 times and haven't regretted it. Homeward bound is not just a typical animal movie. Its unique),-2.0
(,"If you are a bit masochistic and like to waste some time you should try this one. I wasted enough time myself watching it),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Inglourious Basterds IS Tarantino's worst film he has ever made. It's full of his usual ingredient's i.e. snappy dialogue),-3.0
(,"It is one of the joys of Shakespeare that there can be no definitive performances - no single performance can be right'),-1.0
(,"It must have been excruciating to attend the dailies as the shooting continued on this failure of a film. Probably Cruise),-2.0
(,"My God. This movie was awful. I can't complain about it too much. I went to see it just to be grossed out. It did suffice),-2.0
(,"One day I thought to myself....what is the worst possible thing that could happen today? I answered my self with a simple),-3.0
(,"One of the worst movies I've seen this year. Everything about the film screams ""AMATEUR"". For a movie set in the 1800's),-2.5
(,"Something somewhere must have terribly gone wrong right at the time when the director was perceiving this plot. The movie),-2.5
(,"The name Uwe Boll is automatically linked to bad horror/cult cinema and every new movie he releases  which is about two),-3.0
(,"The plot certainly seemed interesting enough. How can a real-life brutal murder be turned into a truly boring movie? Well),-1.0
(,"The spoiler warning is for those people who want to see for themselves what animals and landscapes pass before their eyes),-1.0
(,"The worst thing I have ever watch.<br /><br />The movie is pure trash. All the things is bad on this movie. The direction),-3.0
(,"There is no ""fun"" poking fun at the desperate plight of illegal immigrants! Or the desperate plight of head-shop owners),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This film is the freshman effort of Stephanie Beaton and her new production company. While it suffers from a few problems),-2.0
(,"This has to be one of the worst films I have ever seen.<br /><br />We are supposed to like and be rooting for an arrogant),-1.0
(,"This is a rip off of the old Frankenstein premise. An acclaimed scientist is killed in a freakish accident and his father),-2.5
(,"This is one of those movies that is so bad it is awesome!!! It has everything an early eighties movie needs: Flared pants),-3.0
(,"This review is based on the dubbed Shock-o-Rama video released on an undeserving world in 2002. How bad is it? It's awful),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Tom & Jerry are visiting Africa and disguise themselves in an ""Amos-n-Andy"" fashion. They even act and talk differently),-1.0
(,"Truly bad and easily the worst episode I have ever seen....ever.<br /><br />They tried to make up for it by giving it the),-3.0
(,"What a movie! I never imagined Richard Attenborough could have such a movie in him. Gandhi has always left me indifferent),-2.0
(,"Yet another example of the complete waste of UK Lottery money. Just how commercial did this film prove. The Film Council ),-1.0
(,"it's hard to tell you more about this film without spoiling it. I enjoyed it because I wasn't expecting what I was seeing),-1.0
(,"""The China Syndrome"" launched a whole string of films about the potentially devastating effects of misused nuclear power),-0.5
(,"...and boy is the collision deafening. A female telephone lineman is taken over by the spirit of a recently-deceased ninja),-0.5
(,"<br /><br />Entrails of a Virgin is so bizarre and incomprehensible that it allows the viewer to interpret it subjectively),-2.0
(,"A man wonders if his hunky co-worker is gay. At a yard sale he finds a ray gun called ""Gaydar"". You point it at a person),-1.0
(,"Although properly warned I actually sat down to watch this movie. In part because I usually give every movie an even break),-2.0
(,"Barry Kane (Robert Cummings) is wrongfully accused on sabotaging a hanger making aircrafts for the war. He goes on the run),-2.0
(,"Be warned! <br /><br />This is crap that other crap won't even deign to be in company with because it's beneath them! Okay),-3.0
(,"Bergman's Skammen is one of the most realistic depictions of war ever set to film. This is not an action film by any means),-2.0
(,"Channel surfing and caught this on LOGO. It was one of those ""I have to watch this because it's so horribly bad"" moments),-3.0
(,"Den Brysomme Mannen is one of the better films of all time and is about a man trapped in a world where there are no senses),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Film starts in 1840 Japan in which a man slashes his wife and her lover to death and the commits suicide. It's a very gory),-1.0
(,"First of all this is one of the worst soft-core straight to cable ""erotic thriller"" I've ever seen in my life. Of course),-1.0
(,"From the dire special effects onwards I was absolutely gob smacked at how bad anyone can make a film. Lets put it this way),-3.0
(,"Having read the book prior to watching this adaptation you would think that it would have lost some of its thrill. However),-3.0
(,"I can't believe I've just spent one and a half hours watching such a weak film. If there is only one film you have to miss),-2.0
(,"I caught this movie late one night and never knew what hit me. This was one of the most disturbing movies I have ever seen),-2.0
(,"I don't think this is too bad of a show under the right conditions. I tolerated the first season.<br /><br />Unfortunately),-3.0
(,"I first saw this when I was around 7. I remembered what I believed to be a vague outline of what took place. Turns out now),-2.0
(,"I had numerous problems with this film.<br /><br />It contains some basic factual information concerning quantum mechanics),-2.0
(,"I picked this movie up to replace the dismal choice of daytime television and to go with my thirst for femme fatales. Well),-2.0
(,"I saw this movie the other night and I have to honestly say it's one of the worst films I've ever seen. The acting is fair),-0.5
(,"I wanted to see an action comedy with a satirical twist (as this film was touted) but this one failed me miserably. For me),-1.0
(,"If I could give this excuse for a film a 0 or negative rating I would. I was stupid enough to pick this DVD up in the shop),-1.6666666666666667
(,"In light of bad reviews - or car crashes - I feel possessed to get in gear and make a transmission to give merit where due),-3.0
(,"In modern day Eastern Europe life is hard and for young women prostitution is one of the only career options and one taken),-1.0
(,"It is enjoyable and fast-paced. <br /><br />There is no way on Earth that the actor playing Mat could be eighteen. However),-1.0
(,"Manoj Agrawal after the failure of PARDESI BABU(1998) returned with this film<br /><br />The film has Govinda in 8-9 roles),-2.0
(,"Peter Ustinov plays an embezzler who is just getting out of prison when the film begins. As soon as he walks out the gates),-2.0
(,"Sometimes a movie is so comprehensively awful it has a destructive effect on your morale. You begin to really ask yourself),-3.0
(,"Supreme Sanction is a movie about a female assassin who works for the U.S. government. She has to kill a known TV reporter),-3.0
(,"The magnitude of the Stalingrad tragedy is concisely presented in the end note of the movie: ""In the battle of Stalingrad),-1.5
(,"The movie lacks credence with the helicopters which didn't exist until the 1950s. But no woman would do what was done here),-1.0
(,"The writers and producers of this little outing have plummeted new depths of depravity. Did writer's block set in so badly),-2.0
(,"This film is just as bad as ""The Birdman of Alcatraz"". I do not refer to the acting but rather the premise of both films),-3.0
(,"This man is nothing short of amazing. You truly feel as if you have lived his life with him throughout these tragic events),-2.0
(,"This movie is just as bad as it gets. If you like logic (or the lack of it) á la National Treasure and bad acting as well),-1.5
(,"This movie wasted 2 hours of my time and just make me wanna scream: ""LAME"". Nicholas Stoller write the movie ""Yes Man""),-2.0
(,"This pile of sh!t is tied in my book as the worst thing ever made. I can't BELIEVE that someone actually relased this CRAP),-3.0
(,"This really is one of the worst movies ever made. I consider myself a HUGE zombie film fan and usually tolerate bad acting),-1.0
(,"This was really the worst movie I've ever seen. Anyone who has seen it will know what I'm talking about. I saw it on Starz),-3.0
(,"This would have to rate as one of the worst films of all time. The film screened at the Italian Film Festival in Melbourne),-3.0
(,"Tu pa tam is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. But on the other hand is better then most of the movies from Slovenia),-0.5
(,"Who the heck is responsible for this terrible mangling of one of my favorite books? This is just terrible. terrible acting),-0.5
(,"With this cast and budget you will expect more.<br /><br />John Cusack has made a number movies that border on the strange),-1.0
(,"Years have gone by since Don Wilson used his martial arts expertise to take down a robot who was programmed to destroy him),-3.0
(,"because that is the only way you won't think this film is a TOTAL waste of time and money. A remake of ""Heaven Can Wait""),-1.0
(,"""Cat In The Brain"" is a series of extremely violent sequences knitted together by a plot that feels more like an overview),-0.5
(,"""The Kennel Murder Case"" starts off at a run and doesn't stop until the very end. Everybody had reason to kill the victim),-2.3333333333333335
(,"A total and utter travesty of a movie.'Dark power'is the kind of film even troma would be embarrassed to release.The script),-0.6666666666666666
(,"As I sat in the theater almost crying to myself in dismay over the atrocity Ron Howard and Tom Hanks call the Da Vinci Code),-2.0
(,"Brain of Blood starts as Abdul Amir (Reed Hadley) the leader of a country called Kahlid is close to death because of cancer),-1.5
(,"Death Wish 3 is exactly what a bad movie should be. Terrible acting! Implausible scenerios! Ridiculous death scenes! Creepy),-2.5
(,"Elisha Cuthbert plays Sue a fourteen year old girl who has lost her mother and finds it hard to communicate with her father),-2.0
(,"Even if one didn't realize that Sellers was in poor health at the time of filming and passed away before the film's release),-2.0
(,"Fans of creature feature films have to endure a lot of awful movies lately. Blood Surf shamelessly joins the list of stupid),-2.5
(,"For avid Sci-Fi fans this movie is just what you've been waiting for. Watching this movie gets you lost into the characters),-0.5
(,"Greenaway seems to have a habit of trying deliberately to disgust his viewers. This film opens with incest--and purposeless),-3.0
(,"Having endured this inaccurate movie I will admit that it is a more modern telling of the story than previous versions. Yet),-1.0
(,"I absolutely hated this movie! I was 9 when I saw it. It is the only movie I have ever walked out of in the theater. My mom),-3.0
(,"I admit I had some trepidation when I first saw the previews for this film. Was VH-1 treading on hollow ground here? I mean),-1.0
(,"I enjoy watching western films but this movie takes the biscuit. The script and dialogue is laughable. The acting was awful),-0.5
(,"I gave this 4 stars because it has a lot of interesting themes many here have already mentioned. From the domestic violence),-0.5
(,"I never thought an old cartoon would bring tears to my eyes! When I first purchased Casper & Friends: Spooking About Africa),-2.0
(,"I sought out this film for one reason--Al Adamson. He is among the worst directors of all time--right up there with Ed Wood),-3.0
(,"I watched this last night for the first time in 40 years. It's bad. Really bad. But it has enough hilariously awful moments),-3.0
(,"It is often only after years pass that we can look back and see those stars who are truly stars. As that French film critic),-2.0
(,"It is only Robert De Niro film which I really hates. It is stupid film with horrible acting (of course not De Niro). For me),-2.5
(,"It's been said that Batman Begins in the first Batman movie to ""get it right"" but I think that's a horrible overstatement),-2.5
(,"No budget direct to video tale of aliens in Arizona involving the military and escaped convicts.<br /><br />Not bad as such),-3.0
(,"That's about the only redeeming quality in a movie that otherwise insults the viewer's intelligence by losing track of time),-2.5
(,"The Theory Of Flight is an engaging character study of an artist (Branagh) yearning to break free of boredom and mediocrity),-0.3333333333333333
(,"The acting was horrible and they got both of the sports wrongggg.......not only did they get the figure skating rules wrong),-2.5
(,"The most die-hard worshippers of John Wayne will cringe when they watch The Lawless Frontier. Even for a poverty row studio),-1.0
(,"The movie is about a girl who's not going to a bonfire only because she's baby-sitting that night. Nothing weird about that),-2.0
(,"The original show was so much better. They should have left on a good note. This movie killed the whole idea. It was boring),-1.0
(,"There is a lot wrong with this movie. It can be said that doing a sequel to ""Halloween"" was a bad idea in the first place),-2.5
(,"This conglomeration fails so miserably on every level that it is difficult to decide what to say. It doesn't merit one line),-1.5
(,"This is probably the worst film I have ever seen. Mike Myers tries to be a dramatic actor and fails miserably. The children),-2.5
(,"This movie is so bad it hurts. The car doing 30 mph when it's supposed to go 100... the shift lever that's stuck (in Park!)),-2.5
(,"This movie is way too long. I lost interest about one hour into the story. Saratoga Trunk tells the story of Ingrid Bergman),-1.0
(,"This turned out to be more of a women's romance-soap-suspense film than what I hoped it was....simply a tense thriller. Yes),-2.0
(,"This was just a terrible movie. It hurt me to watch it. Almost every action was unmotivated within the context of the movie),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This was the worst movie I have ever seen Billy Zane in. I understand that this movie was mainly to showcase the new comers),-3.0
(,"What some mistake for stilted dialog and/or dismiss as archetypal characterizations accurately represents how people talked),-2.0
(,"Yet another TV show becomes a movie. Steve {The Office} Carell plays dimwitted agent Maxwell Smart in a movie that's so bad),-3.0
(,"why oh why did i ever waste my time watching this film? it was given to me on video by a friend and i thought i'll watch it),-1.0
(,"""Five Characters in Search of an Exit"" has to be one of the most boring ""Zones"" ever made. It was on Sci-Fi this morning),-3.0
(,"""Horrible People"" ought to be the subtitle of this horrible film. If you want to see ordinary people doing ordinary things),-1.0
(,"'Rise of the Footsoldier' follows the unrelentingly cruel journey of gangster Carlton Leach and his associates through drugs),-3.0
(,"... Hawk Heaven for lovers of French cinema and by extension French Screen actors/actresses. At its worst it's an indulgence),-3.0
(,"A few words for the people here in germen's cine club: The worst crap ever seen on this honorable cinema. A very poor script),-2.6666666666666665
(,"All this dismaying waste of film stock needs is Count Floyd popping up every sixty seconds. Somehow they got Steve Railsback),-1.0
(,"Brian (Wesley Eure) works for a security firm owned by Mr. Norton (Conrad Bain). The Norton firm is in financial trouble for),-2.0
(,"Clossius says that ""Baltic Storm"" is banned in Sweden. That is not correct! Instead you can buy the film almost everywhere),-2.0
(,"Director/writer Andrés Waissbluth worked seven years to complete this two hour film about the crime underground in Santiago),-3.0
(,"For weeks I had been looking forward to seeing this movie only to find myself hugely disappointed after wards. In my opinion),-2.0
(,"Goldeneye will always go down as one of thee most legendary games in VG history. Their is no doubt about that. But this game),-1.0
(,"Granny is definitely one of the worst horror movies ever made in the history of cinema.<br /><br />The script was diabolical),-3.0
(,"I agree strongly with some of the other critics of this film. I found it incredibly silly (at best) and downright misleading),-0.4
(,"I am in a movie club at my school and I was forced to sit and watch this utterly dismal film. The film's story is not dismal),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I can't believe this movie managed to get such a relatively high rating of 6! It is barely watchable and unbelievably boring),-3.0
(,"I first saw this movie on cable about 5 years ago and I could not stop laughing. Everything about this movie seemed to click),-1.0
(,"I remember seeing a clip of this movie on HBO when I was a kid and it scared the ever living crap out of me. When I found it),-2.5
(,"I think the problem with some reactions to this film is that - with few exceptions - they don't focus on the main disconnect),-2.0
(,"I was very disappointed in this 1970 film based on a Bernard Malamud story. This is basically a story of possible redemption),-2.0
(,"It's a strange thing to see a film where some scenes work rather weakly (if only in comparison to other films in its legacy)),-1.0
(,"My friends and I have watched this so many time I have lost count. This is worth seeing for those in the right frame of mind),-0.5
(,"Remembering the dirty particulars of this insidiously vapid ""movie"" is akin to digging into your chest cavity with a rusty),-2.0
(,"Shtrafbat is the story only Russians could tell about the Second World War. The largest front of the whole conflict has been),-2.0
(,"So much is wrong with this abysmal little wet fart of a movie that it's hard to know where to begin.<br /><br />First of all),-1.5
(,"That's what I found myself saying time after time in the remarkably inept 3rd act of this sorry excuse for a film. First off),-1.0
(,"The last Tarzan film starring Johnny Weissmuller (looking surprisingly aged a year after ""Tarzan and the Huntress"") is bad),-3.0
(,"The premise of the story is simple: An old man living alone in the woods accidentally stumble upon a murder of a small child),-2.0
(,"The saddest part of this is the fact that these are 87 minutes I'll never get back. I knew this was terrible from the get-go),-3.0
(,"The sequel that no one asked for to the movie no one wanted. There are obviously too many flaws with this movie to name here),-1.0
(,"There is an endless supply of trashy horror movies. It seems that people never get tired of trying to scare and thrill. Alas),-2.0
(,"This can be one of the most enjoyable movies ever if you don't take it seriously. It is a bit dated and the effects are lame),-2.0
(,"This is the worst hindi film I have ever seen. It conforms to all the stereotypes of bad Hindi films. The plot is ridiculous),-3.0
(,"This is the worst thing the TMNT franchise has ever spawned. I was a kid when this came out and I still thought it was deuce),-3.0
(,"This movie has more goofs than any other movie I have seen in my life. The special effects are damned terrible. For instance),-4.0
(,"This movie is one of the funniest I have seen in years. A movie which deals with death and funerals without being depressing),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Well this movie was probobly one of the funniest scary movie i have ever seen. The effects are so bad you just have to laugh),-1.3333333333333333
(,"When HOPPITY GOES TO TOWN he discovers nothing but bad news for his little insect neighbors in the Lowlands. Can this honest),-0.5
(,"While most movies that pit humans against horrendous extra terrestrials end up being cheap imitations of the 'Aliens' series),-3.0
(,"You know sometimes you just gotta have it? That's how this movie is with me. I am almost embarrassed to admit that I like it),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Zoey 101 is such a stupid show. I don't know if that's because the snooty Jamie Lynn Spears is the prissy star of it or what),-2.0
(,"""Diary of Sex Addict"" is a pathetic attempt at a serious drama about sexual compulsiveness. Probably a movie marketing scam),-2.0
(,"*********Ten out of Ten Stars********* <br /><br />It's hard to believe this was a made for television movie. Just the phrase),-1.0
(,"... and the series lets you forget all that. I am about three years older than the kids portrayed in the series. Born in 1958),-1.0
(,"A cowboy sympathetic to the plight of a nearby Indian tribe is wrongly accused in the rape and murder of the chief's daughter),-1.5
(,"After reading so many glowing reports of 'To Serve Them All My Days' I went out and bought it for Christmas. A waste of money),-1.0
(,"Albert Pyun presents his vision of the lost city of Atlantis - and it's a vision so cluttered up with claustrophobic settings),-0.3333333333333333
(,"An Inconvenient Truth is as entirely simplistic and demagogic as the turgid slop created by the rabid and idiotic Republicans),-3.0
(,"Elvira(Cassandra Peterson) is the host of a cheap horror show. After she finds out that her dead aunt has left her some stuff),-3.0
(,"Every time I watch this show I just want to turn it off and curse the makers for wasting my time week after week. The dialogs),-0.6666666666666666
(,"First be warned that I saw this movie on TV and with dubbed English - which may have entirely spoiled the atmosphere. However),-2.0
(,"Harrison Ford plays Sergeant Dutch Van Den Broeck of the District of Columbia Police Department. He tries to get the bad guys),-3.0
(,"I decided to watch this movie because I'd not seen Carol Lombard before in any movie. I'm sorry it had to be this one because),-1.0
(,"I have never seen so much talent and money used to produce anything so bad in my entire life! As stated in other commentaries),-3.0
(,"I saw 2:37 at the Toronto International Film Festival in September and was blown away by it! A scene of panic opens this film),-3.0
(,"I saw this film last night and came online specifically to see if others thought it was as awful as I did.<br /><br />Granted),-3.0
(,"I understand this movie was made on a very low budget but that is no excuse for the monstrosity that is Grendel. Deathstalker),-1.0
(,"I was all ready to hate this but it turned out to be surprisingly tolerable - though the MTV-style of film-making (shot on DV),-3.0
(,"It looks b grade and you will probably think there is no reason to rent this film! But do! I expected nothing from this movie),-1.0
(,"It's a shame that someone so idolised by many kids as well as parents should demean himself in appearing in this exploitative),-2.0
(,"My first post at the IMDb has to (unfortunately) be to warn others not to waste their time with The Cavern! There is no story),-1.3333333333333333
(,"THE OTHER is a supposed ""horror"" movie made during the 1970s. It is not to be confused with the similarly titled THE OTHERS),-2.0
(,"The DVD for this film is by Alpha Video--a company that almost always releases the poorest quality prints. In Alpha's defense),-2.0
(,"The problem with other actors cast in the rôle of Dorian Gray is that they either looked too old for the part (Hurd Hatfield),-2.0
(,"There have been very few films I have not been able to sit through. I made it through Battle Field Earth no problem. But this),-1.0
(,"This film is probably the worst film that I have ever seen. I'm studying french at college and thus understood all the dialog),-3.0
(,"This film is unbelievable on any level. It fails as an action film because no one would be fooled for a moment that the props),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This film was original in an unoriginal way. Although many movies have tackled the subject of suicide and mental institutions),-2.0
(,"This is a cheap-o movie made by Al Adamson--a man who was perhaps the worst film maker ever--even possibly worse than Ed Wood),-3.0
(,"This is a family movie set in 1950's rural America about a boy whose Uncle presses sheep killing charges against his dog Drum),-2.5
(,"This is easily the worst adaptation of Greek mythology I've ever seen. It utterly fails as an adaptation of the original myth),-2.0
(,"This is probably the only movie I have ever not been able to make it all the way through. Not only was it annoying and boring),-2.5
(,"This mindless movie is a piece of crap and boring like the full house repetitions. For all the people who want to see a great),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie is by far one of the worst B-movies I have ever seen. There are no plot twists at all. Though the acting is decent),-2.0
(,"This movie is over hyped!! I am sad to say that I manage to watch the first 15 minutes of this movie and anything beyond that),-2.0
(,"This movie is rated a classic on sentiment not on any quality of movie-making. It moves from the unlikely to the unbelievable),-1.0
(,"This version moved a little slow for my taste and I suppose I have problems with this play to begin with. But first the movie),-2.0
(,"This was a disappointing horror film about a snotty young girl and her nightmares. For a horror or ""thriller"" film and hype),-2.0
(,"This was a flick doomed from its conception. The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film),-2.0
(,"This was the most god awful movie I have had to sit through. 30 minutes into the film and I couldn't take any more. Seriously),-1.0
(,"Totally forgettable. Specially because of the weak acting. This is the first movie I've seen with Dax Shepard. To my surprise),-2.0
(,"When I tuned in to my local PBS station last night to watch ""The War That Made America"". I was expecting a dull documentary),-2.0
(,"You expect it to be juvenile but you at least expect a complete and coherent movie. What a waste. I am extremely disappointed),-2.0
(,"Ziab la ta'kol al lahem is an awful movie.This is only a superposition of scenes without a clear link.Acting is also very bad),-1.6666666666666667
(,"^^contains spoilers^^<br /><br />This movie is utter crap. Do not watch.<br /><br />There is no one in this movie to root for),-1.0
(,"""Girlfight"" is much more of a coming-of-age-story than it is a fight flick. And what a relief to have one in an urban school),-1.0
(,"""Quit while your ahead"" is a phrase they never learn. Typical Hollywood sequel scenario: if the first film was only shocking),-2.0
(,"'Northfork' is what is wrong with indie films. For all of their hard-edged commentary and attacking big subjects studios won't),-0.6666666666666666
(,"(May contain spoilers) This movie is the epitome of weirdness. I rented it hoping for a film so bad it would be funny. However),-0.5
(,"(spoilers)The one truly memorable part of this otherwise rather dull and tepid bit of British cuisine is Steiner's henna rinse),-2.0
(,"A beautiful film. One that made me think of god but not feel guilty nor overwhelmed. Made me think about death but not fear it),-0.6
(,"Acting This film is a very well acted film. I will say that the performances are slightly weak at times; but for the most part),-2.0
(,"Caught this by accident on a t.v. showing - and could hardly believe how utterly awful the whole experience was. By comparison),-2.5
(,"Here we are: two travelers from a distant futuristic world arrive on earth... one is on a desperate mission to preserve a life),-3.0
(,"I am not kidding: there's a scene in this movie where a hobo hits his head on a tunnel keystone and explodes (with no fireball),-1.0
(,"I love the comics. Although I do have problems fully understanding the stories  the visual style is unique with all its dirt),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I registered just to make this comment (which pretty much echos some of the ones here already) The acting is worse than subpar),-1.0
(,"I was an extra on this film but wish i wasn't because its rubbish. the worst thing about this film is the music but the acting),-1.0
(,"I went to a prescreening of this film and was shocked how cheesy it was. It was a combination of every horror/thriller cliché),-2.0
(,"I'm going to make this short and sweet. It's not surprising that you had no use for this film. This is a story about the power),-1.0
(,"It was hard for me to believe all of the negative comments regarding this all-star flick. I laughed through the entire picture),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Might end up being the biggest disappointment that I will see in 2009. I seem to be the rare person who disliked Park's Oldboy),-2.0
(,"Oliver Hardy awakens with a hangover and soon learns that his uncle is coming to see Ollie's new wife and baby. The problem is),-2.0
(,"The basic genre is a thriller intercut with an uncomfortable menage-a-trois. Fellowes has tried to make a lot more out of this),-2.0
(,"The college teacher Larry Donner (Billy Cristal) is a blocked writer since his former wife Margareth (Kate Mulgrew) ruined him),-1.5
(,"The idea for the movie wasn't too bad: a horror film shot in a corn maze on Halloween. The bad part was the shoddy camera work),-3.0
(,"There I was sitting alone in my flat on a Saturday night with the choice of watching CITIZEN X or The Eurovision Song Contest ),-2.0
(,"This has got to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is (I think) a story of a rebellious college basketball player),-3.0
(,"This is about the worst movie I have ever seen. This movie does match the quality of such movies as ""THEY"" & ""Cabin Fever""),-3.0
(,"This is by far THE WORST movie i have ever watched. I've seen some pretty awful movies in my time but this ones takes the cake),-1.0
(,"This is one of the worst films I've seen. The only positive thing I can say is it was so bad that is seemed comical. First off),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This movie is horrible! It rivals ""Ishtar"" in the number of embarrassingly bad moments. I would have rated it lower than a 3),-3.0
(,"This movie is such cheesy goodness.<br /><br />A bunch of people trapped in an abandoned school. They start getting killed off),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This movie's one redeemable quality (besides Ator's barely-there loincloth) is the hilarious acting on the part of the bad guy),-0.5
(,"This self proclaimed ""very talented artist"" have directed easily the worst Spanish film of the 21st century. Lack of emotion),-3.0
(,"This version of ""The Lost Horizon"" is actually not a bad film at all. I think the problem is people like to pick on musicals),-1.0
(,"Those prophetic words were spoken by William Holden (as a war reporter) to the beauteous Jennifer Jones (as a Eurasian doctor)),-2.0
(,"Was it really necessary to include embarrassing footage of non-participants in a documentary. And why all the silly dog scenes),-1.5
(,"""The Beguiled"" is a strange work among Clint Eastwood's oeuvre. By 1971 he had become well known as the star of action movies),-1.0
(,"""The Invisible Mouse"" is a delightful and different Tom & Jerry's cartoon. It features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles),-1.0
(,"""The Thing About my Folks"" came in as a surprise. We had no idea about what to expect. The film directed by Raymond DeFelitta),-1.0
(,"A horrible mish mash of predictable story lines and toe-bendingly poor delivered PC clichés ad nauseam (races working together),-2.5
(,"Andreas arrives in a strange city. He doesn't remember where he came from and how he got there. He is ordered to arrive at work),-1.0
(,"Barricade finds Alice Faye without any songs as a refugee trying to flee China and without passport. She's in a heap of trouble),-2.0
(,"C'était complètement minable : à fuir absolument! <br /><br />This was an idiotic attempt to destroy classic source material),-3.0
(,"Carlos Mencia just plain isn't funny! His show is painful to watch because of that. His sketches/parodies are all very horrible),-3.0
(,"Dark Harbor is a moody little excursion into murky emotional waters that run extremely deep. It's basically a 3-character piece),-1.0
(,"Even if you could get past the idea that these boring characters personally witnessed every Significant Moment of the 1960s (ok),-3.0
(,"I am embarrassed to say that I missed ""The Mother"" when it was in theaters. I saw it this evening on DVD. I gave it a 10 vote),-2.0
(,"I am not afraid of bad movies. I like bad movies. I enjoy mocking them in the company of my friends. We're all quite good at it),-0.42857142857142855
(,"I couldn't help but relish the entire premise of CAT IN THE BRAIN because it dutifully explains a director's steadily going mad),-0.5
(,"I found this movie to be filled with irony. But watching the movie you can almost for see what will happen. Leila is a confused),-2.0
(,"I once promised never to walk out of any film ( a personal policy that made me suffer through the most different kinds of dreck),-0.5
(,"I really can't understand how could someone give this disgusting film more than 1 star... How can you like such a retarded film),-1.0
(,"I was so surprised when I saw this film so much underrated... I understand why some of you dislike this movie. Its pace is slow),-2.0
(,"Most 70s (and 80s) Kong Kong martial arts films barely function as movies; usually there are a few well-planned fight sequences),-1.0
(,"My buddies and I spent the majority of a Saturday afternoon watching a selection of ""bad"" movies. Among the flicks we watched),-3.0
(,"My friend and I rented this movie for 3.99 at blockbuster. If I'd have known how absolutely horrible this movie was going to be),-3.0
(,"Not to be confused with the above average supernatural thriller ""The Sentinel"". The Sentinel was a big bore of a movie for me),-1.0
(,"Producers Golan and Globus should have been ashamed to release this piece of trash publicly. I know this is gonna sound cliched),-2.0
(,"Surprised to know that the director (Sebastian Gutierrez) was a young Venezuelan (28) and bored with so many predictable movies),-2.0
(,"The plot is simple: an American couple is in vacation in Thailand. Somehow they are attacked by the 'almighty' Chinese vampires),-1.0
(,"This appalling film somehow saw the light of day in 1988. It looks and sounds as if it had been produced 20 or 30 years earlier),-2.0
(,"This is a failure so complete as to make me angry.<br /><br />All of the subtlety and structure of Reggio's early films is gone),-2.0
(,"This is an incomprehensible horribly low budget piece of awfulness.<br /><br />I don't even have the vocabulary to say how dire),-3.0
(,"This is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen! The plot revolves around a man named Luther who wears metal dentures),-3.0
(,"This movie was made because the concept translates well into a two sentence summary that can be used to lure investors. That is),-2.0
(,"To me this film is just a very very lame teen party movie with all the normal clichés and boring stereotyped characters (Nerds),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Well... What to say.<br /><br />I think i shall start with a confession. I have cried 4 times in my life. once when my dad died),-2.5
(,"With all of mainland Europe under his control Hitler prepares for the last obstacle in his way before heading for North America),-2.0
(,"Wow...what can I say...First off IMDb says this is in the late 60s...which means Carlito would be very close to going to prison),-2.0
(,"""Air Bud 2: Golden Receiver"" is a very bad rehearse in making a sequel in the course of a single year. The first film was cute),-0.5
(,"""Problem Child"" is one of the goofiest movies ever made. It's not the worst (though some people will disagree with me on that)),-3.0
(,"""The 700 Club"" has to be the single most bigoted television program in the history of television itself. To make matters worse),-1.0
(,"(May contain spoilers) I find myself disappointed with the criticism this movie receives. While it is most certainly not perfect),-0.3333333333333333
(,"A DAMN GOOD MOVIE! One that is seriously underrated. The songs that the children sing in the movie gave me a sense of their pain),-2.0
(,"A widely unknown strange little western with mindblowing colours (probably the same material as it was used in ""Johnny Guitar""),-1.0
(,"As someone who used to spend hours driving around the backstreets of North London in an attempt to avoid the horrific congestion),-2.0
(,"Frank Horrigan (Clint Eastwood) is a secret service agent plagued with guilt over the assassination of President John F. Kennedy),-3.0
(,"Good sequel to Murder in a Small Town. In this one Cash and his police Lt. buddy unravel a sticky plot involving a Nazi criminal),-3.0
(,"I am usually disappointed by network movies. Even flix that attract big name actors are usually ruined by the TV people. However),-0.5
(,"I came to Nancy Drew expecting the worst...because of everyone else's bad reviews. I thought: Even though I don't read the books),-3.0
(,"I can't quite say that ""Jerry Springer:Ringmaster"" is the worst film I have ever seen. The film would be better off if it were),-0.5
(,"I caught this during a brief run in a Philadelphia theater. Despite its local provenance (and its relation to a hometown tragedy),-2.0
(,"I first remember seeing this one back in the 70s when it was shown on late night television. Scared the hell out of me. But then),-4.0
(,"I happened to catch this film at a screening in Brooklyn - it's difficult to describe the plot; it has a lot of wacky characters),-1.0
(,"I have to confess I fell into the cynical trap of believing that Australians couldn't make drama unless it meant a lot of crying),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I never fail to be amazed and horrified by the evil that has been predicated in the history of the world in the name of religion),-1.5
(,"I suppose the ultimate curse of attending the Toronto Film Festival is your release date time table get messed up. Quite frankly),-1.5
(,"I too must apologize for a somewhat biased opinion of this endeavor as I contributed to the soundtrack. Still I received my copy),-1.5
(,"I would most definitely have to say that this is the most terrible movie I have ever seen. It's not just the actors that are bad),-3.0
(,"I'm not ruining anything when I inform you that you get to see a woman have sex with a goat in this movie. If that is your thing),-2.0
(,"In celebration of Earth Day Disney has released the film ""Earth"". Stopping far short of any strident message of gloom and doom),-1.5
(,"In this tale of a tightly wound Christian family that has three of its four members ""born again"" after a cake-caused car crash),-2.0
(,"Not a bad MOW. I was expecting another film based on womens issues but was pleasantly surprised at the element of suspense. Sure),-3.0
(,"Part of the movie's low rating is the emphasis on unemployment and the suffering we have to endure. While this is good for drama),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Please give this one a miss.<br /><br />Kristy Swanson and the rest of the cast rendered terrible performances. The show is flat),-3.0
(,"Reba sucks. It sucks hard. It's about this awful country singer attempting comedy. They might as well call this show ""Generic""),-3.0
(,"Spoiler warning!!!<br /><br />This is probably my least favourite Cary Grant film. I spent most of the time thinking: ignore him),-1.0
(,"The Movie is okay. Meaning that I don't regret watching it! I found the acting purely and the most of the dialog stupid (""oh no),-1.6666666666666667
(,"The finale of the Weissmuller Tarzan movies is a rather weak one. There are a few things that derail this film.<br /><br />First),-2.0
(,"There is so much bad to say about this movie and so little that's good!<br /><br />The plot has enough holes to sink the Titanic),-3.0
(,"This a fascinatingly awful movie. It make so little sense that it starts to make a kind of weird internal logic of its own. Well),-1.0
(,"This is a entertaingly bad b-movie. Actually it really is much better quality than a lot of b movies. It had a consistent script),-0.5
(,"This is just dreadful. I regret every second of the 80 minutes I spent watching this dreck. I think it's supposed to be a comedy),-0.5
(,"This movie is one of the worse examples of hype. People who read IMDb comments might be tempted to view this total waste of time),-2.0
(,"This movie was an attempt to go into places most don't and perhaps shouldn't venture into. It was a similar trial at the bizarre),-2.0
(,"Whenever someone tries to tell me that they think a movie is the worst ever (and it's usually some movie that's ""cool"" to hate),-1.6666666666666667
(,"i can't believe people are giving bad reviews about this movie! i wonder why......maybe because of the book..... i have to admit),-2.0
(,"pardon my spelling. This is probably the funniest horror movie that ever existed. Think evil dead * 1000. The acting is horrible),-1.75
(,"""Don't Drink the Water"" is an unbelievably bad film. It's based on a 1966 Broadway play by Woody Allen. It stars Jackie Gleason),-3.0
(,"A group of seven people fear they are the only survivors of a near world ending H-bomb blast. Not only do they fear the radiation),-2.0
(,"A man named Jerry comes into possession of an ancient Aztec doll.However this creepy little figure is possessed by an evil spirit),-1.0
(,"A truly horrible film that left me feeling sullied by having watched the forty minutes or so I could stand. Not the actors' fault),-1.0
(,"All of the trials and tribulations of making a no budget movie right from the mouths of those involved. You feel all of the sweat),-1.0
(,"Although I brought this film by accident (I thought it was the original Halloween(stupid eh!)) I was surprised by how good it was),-0.3333333333333333
(,"As a child I always hated being forced to sit through musicals. I never understood why people would break out into song like that),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Audio:<br /><br />Seriously I've never seen a movie with worse audio. There are scenes where people are walking through the grass),-3.0
(,"Describing Stalingrad as a war film may be a bit inaccurate. Sure it centers on the longest and bloodiest battle in world history),-1.5
(,"Friz Freleng's 'Snafuperman' is one of the lesser Private Snafu shorts. A warning of the importance of studying your field manual),-0.5
(,"Hellborn starts as a young psychiatric doctor named James Bishop (Matt Stasi) takes up his residency at St. Andrews insane asylum),-2.0
(,"I found this film by mistake many years ago & wondered then (still do) why it didn't get the acclaim it should have. Well written),-2.0
(,"I read thru most of the comments posted here & all I can say it that most of these posters have major problems in life. This show),-2.0
(,"I really don't know if this was supposed to be science fiction or horror. It was confusing to say the least. What really upset me),-2.0
(,"I was looking on Imdbs bottom 100 because i thought id never seen anything as bad as plan 9 from outerspace or Roller Ball remake),-3.0
(,"I was watching the sci-fi channel when this steaming pile of crap came on. While not as bad as Wynorski's ""Curse of the Komodo""),-3.0
(,"If you want to see a retarded homosexual Karate expert beat up a bunch of try hard wannabe Mexican gangsters repeatedly for an hr),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Jeff Speakman never really made it beyond the lowest ranks of martial-artists-turned-actors (lower than Don ""The Dragon"" Wilson),-1.0
(,"Just once in a while you see a movie so mind-numbingly awful that you have to comment on it. This was that movie. Poorly scripted),-3.0
(,"My father was the warden of the prison (he is retired now) showcased in this documentary and I've grown up around the prison life),-2.0
(,"Now what's wrong with the actors that took part in that crap? Michael Dorn should stick to the Star Treck merchandise. John Diehl),-2.0
(,"One of the genres that flourished during the decade of the 30s was the variation of crime fiction known as ""the murder mystery""),-2.5
(,"Otto Preminger's Dana Andrews cycle of films noirs are among the (largely) unsung jewels of the genre. Because they lack paranoia),-0.5
(,"The Bone Snatcher is about a group miners who go on a search for a missing crew of miners in the Namib Desert. When the find them),-2.0
(,"The only redemption was the small part by Larry Miller. It seemed that the movie was trying too hard to be ""Something About Mary),-1.0
(,"The production year says it all. The movie is a marauding mess of politically correct leftwing feministic selfappreciating drivel),-2.0
(,"There are some movies you just know they are going to be bad from frame one. Even if you were totally oblivious of Ed Wood's work),-3.0
(,"This is one of those films that I remember being in the can for years before anything happening w/it. I don't think it's terrible),-3.0
(,"This is one of those topics I can relate to a little more than most people as I hate noise & have no idea how those in big cities),-1.0
(,"This movie is a modest effort by Spike Lee. He is capable of much more than this movie.Get on the Bus while apparenly anti racist),-1.0
(,"Trying to cash in on the success of Deal Or No Deal and 1 Versus 100 comes this lame excuse for entertainment - Show Me The Money),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Watching this movie was the biggest waste of time and 2 bucks for rental in my life. If nothing catastrophic happens before I die),-2.6666666666666665
(,"What happened in the making of this movie so that it ended up as the total mess it is? Just one year after ""The Breakfast Club""),-2.0
(,"and possibly closest to the Dickens story line. Although I find the young Ebenezer hard to watch (who's idea was that period hair),-1.0
(,"(very serious spoilers)<br /><br />this movie was a huge disappointment. there are so many problems i dont know where to start. so),-0.5
(,"<br /><br />What is left of Planet Earth is populated by a few poor and starving rag-tag survivors. They must eat bugs and insects),-2.0
(,"A propaganda film for the Palestinian ""cause"". If you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict),-0.6666666666666666
(,"At first I thought this film was going to annoy me.It was as though I had seen this movie somewhere before. The disillusioned hero),-0.6666666666666666
(,"BE WARNED. This movie is such a mess. It's a catastrophe. Don't waste your time with this one. I warned you!<br /><br />The acting),-1.5
(,"Computing . Can there be anything more boring ? Sitting in front of a computer all day typing away at some keys all day every day ),-3.0
(,"Don't get the impression from other reviewers that this film stinks cos it's ambivalent about the Japanese whaling industry (which),-1.0
(,"Edward Montagne's Tattooed Stranger is supposed to play like a crime thriller with a little film noir mixed in for flavor. Instead),-0.5
(,"Here's a decidedly average Italian post apocalyptic take on the hunting/killing humans for sport theme ala The Most Dangerous Game),-2.0
(,"I attended a screening of ""Fierce People"" at the 2006 Woodstock Film Festival. I hesitate to label it a ""premiere"" of any sort),-2.0
(,"I can find no redeeming value to this movie. It appears to be loosely based on the Lion King school of thought. Father gets killed),-2.0
(,"I can't believe how awful this movie turned out to be. I feel magnanimous even referring to it as a ""movie"". The acting was flat),-3.0
(,"I have yet to read a negative professional review of this movie. I guess I must have missed something. The beginning is intriguing),-2.0
(,"I know it's rather unfair to comment on a movie without seeing the complete piece - but I am going to anyway! I waited for a laugh),-0.5
(,"I saw this by accident one lazy summer afternoon. It was playing on the family programming channel of HBO. At first I was drawn in),-1.5
(,"I'm desperately trying to stay awake while watching the movie Solomon Kane. I have about a 20 minutes to go. If it gets any better),-0.5
(,"I've read a few of the reviews and I'm kinda sad that a lot of the Story seems glossed over. Its easy to do because its not a Book),-0.5
(,"If John Waters had written and directed ""House of 1000 Corpses"" after being struck about the head repeatedly with a heavy object),-1.0
(,"Imagine the worst thing that could ever possibly be conceived by human intellect. Now imagine something infinitely darker - I mean),-3.0
(,"Just a note to add to the above comment. Fear of a Black Hat doesn't have the criminal who's image has been ripped off by the band),-3.0
(,"Masters of Horror: The Screwfly Solution starts as America is being infected by an airborne virus that affects the male population),-2.0
(,"My Name is Modesty is a low-budget film that tells the story of the origins of Modesty Blaise. It's not that the movie is terrible),-3.0
(,"My yardstick for measuring a movie's watch-ability is if I get squirmy. If I start shifting positions and noticing my butt is sore),-1.0
(,"People tend to complain about the number of films being made about mentally disabled people. I don't see this as a valid criticism),-2.0
(,"Really the tale of two cocky brothers and their respective falls from grace (via drug addiction) and later redemption. One brother),-0.5
(,"Slayer starts in the South American rain forest where Captain Hawk (Casper Van Dien) & his men are attacked by a bunch of Vampires),-1.0
(,"Spoiler with plot explanation: a poor family is being thrown in the middle of war between the evil guy (that pops out from nowhere),-2.3333333333333335
(,"The Stone Boy is an almost forgotten drama from the 1980s. Considering how many famous or soon to be famous people are in the film),-1.0
(,"The direction by Wong is perhaps the all time worst in film history I've ever seen. This film makes my all time worst film of 2000),-3.0
(,"The problem with so many people watching this movie is the mindset they watch it in. People come looking for a B-Grade horror film),-2.0
(,"The world is going to miss John Frankenheimer. This was his first feature film and it was four years before he directed his second),-2.0
(,"This has got to be one of the worst films I have ever seen! The cast is an international one - Australian-pretending-to-be-British),-3.0
(,"This is a pretty strange movie. It does comes across as an exploitation film with over-the-top violence and unrealistic situations),-1.0
(,"This is a whodunnit in the Hitchcock tradition. You are kept in the dark as suspects come and go. Dennis Quaid is supurb as Dexter),-1.0
(,"This is no doubt one of the worst movies i have seen in a long time. I was expecting alot more from the actors. It started alright),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This is one of the few movies - maybe the only - that truly haunted me for years. It was the first I had ever seen people tortured),-3.0
(,"This movie appears to have made for the sole purpose of annoying me. Everything I hate about films is present: fake sentimentality),-2.6666666666666665
(,"This movie begins with a man who appears to be some sort of sports driver. He meets up with a gang which contains an arrogant boss),-2.0
(,"This movie is a story of a Catholic nun as an advisor of convicted killer on death row. The movie describes what she does as a nun),-2.0
(,"Usually when a movie receives a vote of one it is because someone simply dislikes it and is annoyed it doesn't have a lower rating),-2.0
(,"Verhoeven's movie was utter and complete garbage. He's a disgusting hack of a director and should be ashamed. By his own admission),-3.0
(,"and not in a fun-to-watch way. it's just bad. it's shocking that people have posted positive things about it here. the story sucks),-1.0
(,"it's unfortunate that many of the other detractors of this film seem influenced by prior biases. (i.e. anger at the gay characters),-3.0
(,"""Tale of Two Sisters"" has to be one of the creepiest films I've seen recently. In the end there is no actual supernatural element),-1.0
(,"'You're in the Navy Now' is painfully bad: very likely the worst movie Gary Cooper ever made. It's supposedly based on a true story),-0.5
(,"*****Classic ****Excellent ***Good **Fair *Tragic<br /><br />Review:<br /><br />Oldboy is not for everyone. It's pervasive violence),-3.0
(,"A scientific experiment designed to create a superhuman being has gone wrong.The creators become trapped in a remote desert outpost),-2.0
(,"Abbott and Costello's talents shine in the happily childish version of ""Jack and the Beanstalk"". The use of sepia tone and colour),-2.0
(,"After mistaking a Halloween re-broadcast of Orson Welles' classic radio adaptation of WAR OF THE WORLDS for a real Martian invasion),-2.0
(,"Betty is as an understudy in a production of Verdi's Macbeth who is asked to go on when the diva is hurt in a car accident. However),-2.0
(,"Chucky is back but this time he is not scary (a lot) - but he is funny!<br /><br />When Chucky is brought back to life (in the doll),-2.0
(,"David Lean's worst film. Even 'In Which We Serve' was'nt as bad as this. Usually a film with a really good reputation like this one),-0.25
(,"Fassbinder's most lavish production sacrifices little of his talent for identifying and deconstructing a locus of suffering in long),-2.0
(,"Greetings again from the darkness. How rare it is for a film to examine the lost soul of men in pain. Adam Sandler stars as Charlie),-3.0
(,"Have you ever wished that you could escape your dull and stressful life at school or work and go on a magical adventure of your own),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I am insulted and angry over the idea that a sequel to 'Gone with the Wind' should EVER have been undertaken. Having expressed that),-2.5
(,"I didn't see this movie until it appeared on television because I was doubtful about comic flicks. Ever since the ""Batman"" series),-1.0
(,"I first heard about The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya from a reviewer on Youtube. He literally slapped the show with a big bad rant),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I haven't laughed this much in a long time - or seen a film so ineptly made! Talk about so bad it made me laugh!<br /><br />Firstly),-1.0
(,"I read the book before watching the movie and it left me emotionally drained but I felt that it truly transported me to Afghanistan),-2.0
(,"I'm pleased that this was the work of foreign cinematographers because it can't be accused of unfair bias. With absolutely no cause),-0.5
(,"I'm watching this film as I write this. It's about 45 minutes into the film and there's been so much back and forth and empty drama),-1.0
(,"It's really too bad that nobody knows about this movie. I think if it were just spruced up a little and if it weren't so low-budget),-3.0
(,"Jacknife is a war movie that is just about as far removed from the war as war movies get. It can hardly be classified as a war film),-2.0
(,"Polanski returns to the themes of solitude and madness which he explored to such tremendous effect in Repulsion and Rosemary's Baby),-3.0
(,"Slim Slam Slum is a sad and disappointing picture. There is absolutely no reason to this sorry excuse for a picture. Don`t go there),-1.4
(,"That is the only question I am left with. Why did this movie suck so much when it had such a great cast? Why was the writing so bad),-1.0
(,"The 3 stars are for Phillip Seymour Hoffman. Nothing else and no one else in this movie deserves even a wee smidgen of a star. Well),-1.0
(,"The Karen Carpenter Story shows a little more about singer Karen Carpenter's complex life. Though it fails in giving accurate facts),-2.0
(,"The Poverty Row horror pictures of the 1930s and '40s depress the hell out of me. God knows I have nothing against low-budget films),-4.0
(,"The fact that reviewers feel very intensely negative towards the show is an interesting fact all its own. If you dislike it so much),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The problem with this movie is that it is trying to compile a 6+ hours movie into 2 hours. The result is clear. It seems too forced),-1.5
(,"The problem with this series is that it is too real. I am watching it on Amazon ""Unbox"" and having just finished episode 2 I hate),-2.5
(,"There's nothing worse than renting an Asian movie and getting an American movie experience instead.<br /><br />It's only my opinion),-3.0
(,"This film has its share of negative comments and I have to agree with those who consider it one of the worst movies ever made. True),-0.75
(,"This film was nothing more than exploitative gay cheesecake. It was not an ""art"" movie; just an excuse to show several gratuitous),-1.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I could hardly stay awake. The acting and the plot were horrible. I like B-movies),-0.5
(,"This movie is just so awful. So bad that I can't bear to expend anything other than just a few words. Avoid this movie at all costs),-3.0
(,"This movie tries to run away to the typical 'I'm fighting because I'm obliged to defend the fatherland. The NAZI's are all bad guys),-3.0
(,"This movie was by far the worst movie I've ever had to endure. I couldn't believe that they tried to pass it off as a serious movie),-3.0
(,"To call this film a complete waste of celluloid would be an understatement.<br /><br />The acting was unconvincing to say the least),-1.0
(,"You know you've got a bad film when you hear that the soundtrack is performed completely on a single cheap programmable synthesizer),-3.0
(,"this film is basically a poor take on the old urban legend of the babysitter who gets crank calls telling her to check the children),-2.0
(,"""GI Samurai"" sees Sonny Chiba and some other guys get transported back to civil war stricken feudal Japan for no particular reason),-1.6666666666666667
(,"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Are all teen slasher flicks suffering from a drought of originality? It awfully seems so. First of all),-2.0
(,"A VERY un-Tom and Jerry short. Jerry narrates this tale that revolves around Tom the cat falling in love and losing her to his rival),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Filmmakers made a rather boring everyman's story look interesting and complex by focusing on his wife back at home. At the same time),-0.5
(,"Horrible acting with the worst special f/x I've ever bore witness too. It's bad enough I wasted $3 to watch this crummy pile of crap),-2.6
(,"I actually retired from Asian horror films some time ago after becoming completely sick of seeing samey ghost story rubbish. However),-1.5
(,"I am not one of those people who just go online after I see a movie and decide to call it the worst movie ever made. If you doubt me),-2.0
(,"I grew up on this movie and I can remember when my brother and I used to play in the backyard and pretend we were in Care-a-lot. Now),-1.0
(,"I heard a few friends one day saying that ""Scarface sucks... some idiot tried to make another Godfather set in the early 80s."" Now),-3.0
(,"I was at first disgusted with director Sun-Woo Jang because I had felt that he cheated me. Jang had the potential to create a strong),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I was disappointed with the recent (2000) American remake of this English mini-series. Though it followed the plot line very closely),-2.0
(,"I watched the Canadian videotape of this movie as ""The Witching"" which somehow made its way to New York State. Audio was quite bad),-3.0
(,"I'll have to admit that I'm at a disadvantage here; when I learn more about a film from other reviewers than from watching it myself),-1.5
(,"If you go into the Twins Effect looking for a pure Hong Kong movie experience you will be disappointed. This is not to say it is bad),-3.0
(,"In Iran women are prohibited from attending live sporting events because of the fear that they will be ""corrupted"" by bad language),-2.5
(,"Just emailed a friend who's in film school about this flick. Something to avoid when making a film - characters blabbering senseless),-1.0
(,"Looking for a movie for your Turkey Film Festival? THE ROLLER BLADE SEVEN is on my list of the ten worst films of all-time. The plot),-3.0
(,"Poor second-string feature from Universal Pictures about a mama's boy movie actor doing criminal investigation work for the military),-3.0
(,"The message of this movie is ""personality is more important than beauty"". Jeanine Garofalo is supposed to be the ""ugly duckling""),-0.5
(,"The narrative affirms the classic image of good versus evil in the form of a struggle of brother against brother. The main character),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Things that are only just now ""news"" were taken as a given in this shocking documentary. I fear that as the investigation proceeds),-2.0
(,"This film plunges headlong into the realm of the surreal à la Lynch and Jodorowsky--with an atmosphere that is strangely compelling),-1.0
(,"This is one of the worst films I've seen for years. The storyline has potential that is never realized. The actors are a poor choice),-2.5
(,"This low-budget indie film redefines the word ""blah"". It will surprise most that this word can actually be found in the dictionary),-2.0
(,"This rip off of the 1984 hit ""Gremlins"" is quite possibly the biggest train wreck of a movie ever made. Even for a 'B' grade movie),-2.0
(,"Unusually cold and silly drama from director Sydney Pollack. Soapy plot revolves around adulterous couple perishing in a plane wreck),-1.5
(,"Very disappointing film. By the end I no longer cared for any of the characters. I did enjoy seeing Ving Rhames in a very small part),-0.3333333333333333
(,"You know you're in trouble when the opening narration basically tells you who survives. It all goes downhill from there. Unnecessary),-2.0
(,"You might suspect that the plot of this movie was written in the process of filming. It begins as a ""punks versus vigilante"" movie),-1.0
(,"You want the worst horror movie of the 21st century? El Chupacabra is it. ""Manos:The Hands of Fate"" is THE worst movie of all time),-1.6666666666666667
(,"right the hospital scene with Holly and Shannon was done brilliantly it starts off with Piper On A gurney looking very badly injured),-2.5
(,"""Crossfire"" is ostensibly a murder mystery but what distinguishes it from other similar movies of the period is the killer's motive),-2.0
(,"Half of the movie is is flashing lights and shaky camera. The rest is made up of predictable characters (think science vs. government),-2.0
(,"I gave it an 8 only because it had received such low votes... this is definitely really about a 5.5..... Ummm.. it was kind of bloody),-0.5
(,"I really am shocked to see the number of reviews that lambaste this movie. This movie was not intended to be a ""deep thought"" movie),-2.0
(,"I thought this movie was a lot better than most movie critics are giving it credit for. Though it has its confusing parts of the plot),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I was blown away by this film. I'm one of those people who just takes a risk with movies that don't especially appeal to me sometimes),-2.0
(,"I'm sorry but I cannot even partly agree with some comments on this awful piece of sh...<br /><br />English is not my native language),-1.0
(,"My spoiler is in my pants because thinking about this movie made me so angry I crapped myself.<br /><br />Once you finish watching it),-3.0
(,"My title just about sums this heap of crap up I should have taken a hint when I saw it was a Fred olen Ray movie - but i thought 'HEY),-3.0
(,"Princess Warrior is a science fiction action movie with a pretty thin plot-essentially on the death of their queen mother two sisters),-0.5
(,"Purported documentary that tries to examine sci-fi films of the 1950s and how they affected (and REflected) America. Steven Spielberg),-1.0
(,"Spoiler alert  although I think this one was spoiled coming out of the can It's hard to even imagine that a film with these stars),-1.0
(,"THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER is one of the sweetest and most feel-good romantic comedies ever made. There's just no getting around that),-1.0
(,"Talk about false advertising! I wasted an hour and twenty five minutes watching this piece of crap and there was not one leisure suit),-2.5
(,"The first mistake you make in titling a film is to use ""of the living dead"" without really having a budget for real zombie FX. Sure),-2.5
(,"The is one of the worst spoofs I have ever seen. For one main reason: IT ISN'T FUNNY! I laughed a handful of times. The acting is bad),-1.6666666666666667
(,"The new voices scare me! Kuzco doesn't have to pass some frickkin' academy to become emperor again! It's the same thing over and over),-2.0
(,"The person who wrote the summary and rave review for this film is either an idiot or an avid fan of shitty movies. From the beginning),-0.25
(,"There are plenty of reviews that describe this movie as the worst ever made. For sure there are plenty of mistakes: lackluster acting),-3.0
(,"There is nothing at all redeeming about this film. It is very bad and not in such a way that it is even remotely funny. Horrible plot),-3.0
(,"This is a genuinely horrible film. The plot (such as it is) is totally undecipherable. (I think it has something to do with blackmail),-3.0
(,"This movie is the perfect illustration of how NOT to make a sci fi movie. The worst tendency in sci-fi is to make your theme an awful),-1.0
(,"This would've been a sure fire classic had they chosen ALMOST ANYBODY ELSE for John Abraham. This guy is an awful actor. Be it comedy),-1.3333333333333333
(,"WARNING!! This review may contain spoilers. The back of the box is misleading. It says all this crap about kids telling ghost stories),-2.0
(,"Within the first 5 minutes of this movie I knew I was in for one of those ""pick at the faults"" kinda movie. The acting was terrible),-3.0
(,"i got a copy from the writer of this movie on soulseek. I have to say it is pathetic and just plain painful to watch the two cops act),-2.0
(,"**SPOILERS** Extremely brutal police drama set in San Francisco involving a sting operation that goes terribly wrong. A cop Det. Falon),-3.0
(,"...the child actors were annoying. Also it seems as if the makers on this film were struggling to fill 90 minutes. Decent death scenes),-2.0
(,"And I don't say it in a bad way.<br /><br />I watched this movie at the cinema when I was 6 or 7. For me and my cousins it was magical),-3.0
(,"Chen Kaige lost his sense of tempo. I envy Europeans and Americans who can watch the film without following the dialog with their ears),-2.0
(,"Doyle had never wanted to resurrect Holmes from his joint death with Professor Moriarty in THE ADVENTURE OF THE FINAL PROBLEM. However),-2.0
(,"Francis Ford Coppola's ""Apocalypse Now"" is not a Vietnam War film. Do not confuse it with one. It is set to the back drop of the war),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Hollywood has churned out yet another garbage that's wildly overhyped and underwhelming on a first-time viewing basis. Hannibal is bad),-3.0
(,"I approached this movie with the understanding that it was one of the worst flicks ever made. I sat down to watch it with this mindset),-3.0
(,"I go this game and it is alright I guess. I just expected a bit more. The main problem with this is that the hacking is extremely hard),-1.5
(,"I have to say I hated this movie. I don't like to say that because Gerard Butler is in it. About a half an hour of boring conversation),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I saw this again today for the first time in about 6 years. I had forgotten how well acted this movie is. Paul Newman gets the billing),-1.0
(,"I tend to get furious when hearing about Lucio Fulci's reputation as a director. Too often he's categorized as a no-talented filmmaker),-3.0
(,"I too have gone thru very painful personal loss (Twice) and this movie portrays the gut wrenching reality of that experience very well),-3.0
(,"I turned this off about 50 minutes into it! Whoever the moron was who decided to steal the idea of Koushun Takami's book(Battle Royal)),-2.5
(,"I was really horrified by this eerie movie. What an unusual dark atmosphere. And such a creepy musical score. Really promising! Indeed),-2.5
(,"I've often heard people express disappointment that Mazursky's ""Tempest"" has little to do with Shakespeare's original. In my opinion),-2.0
(,"It is like what the title of this thread say. Only impression I got from that movie is that Marlee Matlin's character was always angry),-0.5
(,"James Bishop (Matt Stasi) goes to a `mental illness facility' for a medical residence assignment with Dr. McCort (Bruce Paynes). There),-2.0
(,"Killer Flood: The Day the Damn Broke: 1/10: Finally a movie whose title is spoiler proof. Even by the low standards of disaster movies),-2.0
(,"Let's Get Tough is one of those movies that people probably regret years later that they made. Full of awful racist Jap talk and jokes),-1.5
(,"Maria Braun got married right in the middle of combat all around her and her husband Hermann. An explosion ripped through the building),-1.0
(,"Maximum risk is quite surprising to a person that has seen more then on of his movies. Director Ringo Lam made an average action-movie),-2.0
(,"PROBLEM CHILD is one of the worst movies I have seen in the last decade! This is a bad movie about a savage boy adopted by two parents),-3.0
(,"That's My Bush is a live action project made by South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone.The show was cancelled after one season),-1.0
(,"The movie takes place during the year 1940 and the French are about to loose the war.<br /><br />The movie includes all genres: comedy),-1.0
(,"The revisionist history -- making the evil Marquis de Sade a semi-heroic romantic -- is mind-boggling enough. But the atrocious acting),-3.0
(,"This is NOT your run-of-the mill police story where the characters were only secondary to the gun battles and car chases. The episodes),-1.0
(,"This is one of the most overlooked gems Hollywood has ever produced. -- A young WWII British fighter ace whose plane is about to crash),-1.5
(,"This is without doubt the worst film in the Hamilton saga and the worst actor to do Carl Hamilton.Peter Stormare just cant pull it off),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This movie has no respect for the viewer's time. It takes a 15 minute story and stretches it into 95 minutes. In order to achieve this),-1.0
(,"'I'm working for a sinister corporation doing industrial espionage in the future and I'm starting to get confused about who I really am),-2.0
(,"...but I regret having seen it. Since the ratings on IMDb are relatively high (and they must also have been relatively high on Netflix)),-2.0
(,"4 realz son my game iz mad tite yo I cant wait 2 get on dis show and roll up in da club n do it real 905 style wit mad models n bottles),-3.0
(,"B. Kennedy tried to make a sequel by exaggerating and amplifyinga gargantuan leftist western (not as leftist as the G. Kennedy sequel),-2.0
(,"Brian De Palma's undeniable virtuosity can't really camouflage the fact that his plot here is a thinly disguised ""Psycho"" carbon copy),-1.0
(,"I can name only a few movies that I have seen which were this bad. This movie has terrible everything: The dialog is corny and cliché'),-3.0
(,"I had to lower my rating of this movie to a 4 due to the terrible sound track. I'm pretty sure it was not a problem with me or the tape),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I just saw this movie on Flix after timer-taping it. I grew up watching F Troop and had a major hard for Wrangler Jane so I was shocked),-1.5
(,"I rented this one on DVD without any prior knowledge. I was suspicious seeing Michael Madsen appearing in a movie I have never heard of),-2.0
(,"I was hooked from beginning to end. Great horror comes from disturbing imagery and organic shocks that are created not to make you jump),-2.0
(,"I was really disappointed after viewing Pinocchio's Revenge the other night. I had a good inclination that it was going to be a bad one),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I wasn't quite sure if this was just going to be another one of those idiotic nighttime soap operas that seem to clutter prime time but),-3.0
(,"I watched about 30 minutes into this film before I finally got sick of getting bludgeoned over the head with this movie. The soundtrack),-2.0
(,"I'm giving this movie a 1 because there are no negative numbers in IMDb rating system. this movie was horrible. It was very badly acted),-2.0
(,"If you find the depiction of violent murders and wanton police brutality expressed in a plot less film with glacial pacing entertaining),-1.0
(,"It seems whenever a mainstream film company wants to make a movies for teens it concentrates on only one thing: sex. Don't get me wrong),-2.0
(,"K Murli Mohan Rao made the much better BANDHAN in 1998 This film is an awful remake of THE WEDDING SINGER<br /><br />Basically in short),-0.5
(,"OK. Not bad movie making if it were from an original script. BUT IT IS NOT!<br /><br />Which part of ""in this story there are no women),-2.0
(,"ONE DARK NIGHT is a highly overlooked and little known film from the early 80's that deserves an audience that I fear it will never get),-1.5
(,"Playwright Sidney Bruhl (Michael Caine) has had a series of flop plays after a huge hit. He receives a play written by a student of his),-0.5
(,"Preposterous twaddle executed in a bewilderingly amateurish and inept way -- or perhaps several since the incredible lack of continuity),-2.0
(,"STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning <br /><br />A notably bad actor),-3.0
(,"Seems Sensei Seagal is getting more and more moralising and less ""action packed"". To date this has to be his worse movie... no action),-2.0
(,"THE QUICKIE (1 outta 5 stars)<br /><br />Pretty poor movie... an old-as-the-hills story about a high-ranking gangster who wants to quit),-2.0
(,"Thank God! I didn't waste my money renting it but i downloaded it! This happens to be the worst movie i have ever seen in my whole life),-2.0
(,"The crew of an American submarine discover it's HELL BELOW while fighting in the Adriatic in 1918.<br /><br />Although nearly forgotten),-1.0
(,"The first noticeable problem about this awkwardly titled film is its casting. Ann Nelson plays the grandma here. Three years after this),-2.0
(,"This (allegedly) based-on-a-true story TV movie concerns a woman on the run from the FBI and a *seriously* stupid guy.<br /><br />First),-2.0
(,"This is a silly spoof of private eye thrillers as a novelist(Michael Cain)is called upon to 'ghostwrite' an autobiography of a colorful),-1.0
(,"This movie made me very angry. I wanted desperately to throttle the ""scientists"" and unseen film-makers during the course of it. Very),-3.0
(,"This movie was a failure as a comedy and a film in general. It was a very slow paced movie that seemed to be trying to convey a message),-0.5
(,"""A scientist discovers signals from space that appear to carry information concerning a series of seemingly unrelated natural disasters),-0.5
(,"""Revenge of the Zombies"" is a pretty weak and barely passable zombie effort.<br /><br />**SPOILERS**<br /><br />Traveling in the Bayou),-0.5
(,"**SPOILERS** Simple movie about simple people who's problems are far too complex for them to handle.<br /><br />Natalie aka Sara Ravenna),-2.0
(,"A woman left alone after the death of her husband finds herself attracted to her son's friend and handy man. In a slightly twisted story),-1.0
(,"Australia's first mainstream slasher film hits the screen with a bang. And a stab. And a slice. And a scream or two. And plenty of blood),-2.0
(,"Bonfires of the Vanities is a film drenched in flop sweat. I can recall no film that has tried so hard to be so unrelentingly outrageous),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Dennis Patrick plays a man who accidentally kills his daughter's boyfriend and then reveals his secret at a local bar. Joe (Peter Boyle)),-2.5
(,"Fantastic Chaplin movie with many memorable moments as Charlie joins the army to fight in WW 1.<br /><br />At first he goes to boot camp),-1.0
(,"I can't believe I missed this one. Made in 1970 with a budget that would probably allow you to make one indifferent episode of a TV soap),-1.0
(,"I could not believe it. This film was a total wast of time out of my life. The title is appropriate. Love didn't beat the hell out of me),-4.0
(,"I find it hard to believe that anyone would put this movie in the same context as the Exorcist. Where the Exorcist was subtle and creepy),-1.0
(,"I just finished watching this on TV and what can I say but this is the worst film I have EVER seen! I'm embarrassed to be from Melbourne),-2.5
(,"I just rented (yes! I paid money to see!) this film. OMG. It is one of the very worst films I have ever seen. As another reviewer put it),-3.0
(,"I know that Trey Parker and Matt Stone really hate celebrities and spoof them in every single episode of South Park (if not showing them),-3.0
(,"I remember the days in which Kim Basinger was nothing more than a pretty face who adorned movies with typical characters of dumb Blondie),-1.0
(,"I was expecting a lot better from the Battlestar Galactica franchise. Very boring prequel to the main series. After the first 30 minutes),-0.5
(,"I was very disappointed with this series. It had lots of cool graphics and that's about it. The level of detail it went into was minimal),-0.5
(,"I wasted 35 minutes of my life on this turkey before I gave up. The main character is completely clueless and astoundingly unsympathetic),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Interesting story about a soldier in a war who misses out on saving the life of a young girl from the enemy and is haunted by this event),-2.0
(,"Jack Webb's portrayal of the Marine drill instructor shaping new recruits in basic training requires no interpretation. Straight forward),-1.0
(,"Marlon Brando had long since lost interest in acting when he made this film. His performance as ""The Swede"" is the worst of his career),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Most of the positive comments posted here are as verbose as the movie! It takes a long-winded bore to appreciate a wordy and boring film),-0.25
(,"OK by the time you read this I MIGHT have stopped crying. This movie was so horrible as to be quite vexing. The creatures are kinda cute),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Superdome is one of those movies that makes you wonder why it was made. The whole plot concerns someone trying to sabotage the superbowl),-2.0
(,"Suzumiya Haruhi no Yuuutsu is a very high-rated anime in almost every review page you'll find on the web. So I really wanted to know why),-1.0
(,"The Israeli/Palestinian conflict persists and while the world may be aware of the violence surrounding the division of the two countries),-2.5
(,"The Salena Incident is set in Arizona where six death row inmates are being transfered from the state prison for reasons never explained),-2.0
(,"The bad news: the Canadian version of Beast In The Cellar released by Maple Pictures that I saw was of poor quality. Dark and washed out),-2.5
(,"The problem is that the movie rode in on the coattails of the 60's-created concept that comic books could only be done as ""camp"" (i.e.),-2.0
(,"There's something strange about the antisocial sentiment you can find in some Cheech And Chong material. One of the songs in Up In Smoke),-1.0
(,"This film is much the same as Cannibal Holocaust. If it weren't for the needless animal killing in the name of 'shock' (""Ooh look at us),-3.0
(,"This is a neat little crime drama which packs a lot into its 65 minute running time. It has all the right ingredients - a mystery corpse),-2.0
(,"This is really good. Original ideas in the film and a great terrorist action film. Only second to die hard and die hard with a vengeance),-1.0
(,"This little cheapy is notable only because it is the worst film Abbott and Costello ever made. It is dreadful in every way: crummy music),-3.0
(,"This was the worst TV movie I had ever seen. The visuals were so dang choppy it made me dizzy. I hated the constant zoom in and zoom out),-3.0
(,"Uggh! Hanna-Barbera of the 60s and 70s! What lousy and unwatchable cartoons that were thrust upon us by these hacks! It's a shame really),-2.0
(,"Unlike http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098238/ this movie provides no background information. We are shown a snapshot of the fall of Danton),-1.0
(,"Ahhh...the '80's. 1982 makes me think back to the really crazy time we were facing in America. Fresh off the ""Do What Feels Good"" '70's),-2.0
(,"Don't let my constructive criticism stop you from buying and watching this Romy Schneider classic. This movie was shot in a lower budget ),-1.5
(,"Every once in awhile I'll remember that I've actually seen this bizarre fiasco that's a cross between ""Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?""),-2.5
(,"Fun mix of vampires and martial arts is a bit of a mess plot-wise and the acting of those who dubbed the voices is almost universally bad),-2.5
(,"Hitchcock was of the opinion that audiences aren't really interested in what puts protagonists into danger - only that they ARE in danger),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I have seen so many bad reviews on Supervivientes de los Andes that I felt compelled to stand for it (or at least I'll try). First of all),-1.0
(,"I missed the beginning but I did see most of it. A friend got it on DVD in the cheap room at FYE.<br /><br />The skits are all very short),-2.0
(,"I must admit I wasn't expecting much on this movie. I was surprised I truly enjoyed it as much as I did. The script wasn't oscar material),-1.0
(,"I remember watching the Disney version and watching it now makes me think it has somehow lost its magic touch. Plenty of other renditions),-3.0
(,"I thought this was an extremely bad movie. The whole time I was watching this movie I couldn't help but think over and over how bad it is),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Is it a murder mystery? Is it a police procedural? Is it a back-stage look at seedy French music halls? Quai des Orfevres is all of these),-2.0
(,"Little Dieter Needs to Fly was my first film during the 1999 edition of the Göteborg Filmfestival. As I was extremely tired that evening),-2.0
(,"Mr. Kennedy should stop ExPeRiMeNtIng with bad movie scripts. What WAS he thinking? This is a movie that should not have passed the ""hey),-2.0
(,"One of the most frightening game experiences ever that will make you keep the lights on next to your bed. Great storyline with a romantic),-3.0
(,"One of the myths of the early sound era is that they couldn't make Westerns because they had trouble recording sound on location. In fact),-2.0
(,"One of the worst films I have ever seen. Got so bored that I switched it off midway through to watch the news. When I switched it back on),-2.5
(,"Screen treatment of the comedic Broadway success ""The Gay Divorce"" (a title which was considered too scandalous for American moviegoers),-0.5
(,"Sex Lives of the Potato Men is about the sex lives of several men involved in delivering potatoes. So there are no surprises there. It is),-1.0
(,"Some of those guys that watch films and complain about them for a living are forgetting something: DVD menu system. I tell you the people),-2.0
(,"Someone mentioned editing. This is edited badly and what started out as somewhat intriguing became an incomprehensible mess. For starters),-3.0
(,"The film begins with a little girl (Rita) seeing her father killed. He apparently was a criminal who squealed on his fellow crooks. Later),-3.0
(,"The reviewer who called this movie a bust has clearly missed the point. It's obvious he hasn't been young or innocent in a very long time),-0.5
(,"This is one of those movies you find when you stay up too late and only have basic cable. It's hard to believe this movie was made in '95),-1.0
(,"This movie is in the same league as Ishtar. Lots of wasted talent. Who let this bomb escape? When Sigfried says an example has to be made),-1.5
(,"This movie really kicked some ass. I watched it over and over and it never got boring. Angelina Jolie really kicked some ass in the movie),-4.0
(,"This movie should go down in the annals of fiefdom as one of the worst of all time. I will stop short of saying it's the worst movie ever),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This was a disgrace to the game FarCry i had much expectations but all ended up in a nightmare. Besides the bad acting the visual effects),-2.5
(,"This woman is a terrible comedian. She can't crack a joke. She has no real character. This is another example of typical American rubbish),-2.0
(,"Too bad neither the animals or Eddie Murphy had anything to say worth saying. this movie is just bland.<br /><br />Children's movie? Well),-0.5
(,"What a wasted cast.<br /><br />This is one of the most disappointing films I've seen.<br /><br />Usually Roger Ebert does not let me down),-2.0
(,"When i saw the first octopus movie it was a laugh see the cheesy acting and appalling effects. This film seemed to make up for the acting),-0.5
(,"Women have never looked so attractive and pathetic as in Salazar's film Piedras. Although editor's cut here and there might help the film),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Wow it's ironic since this movie has been out for awhile I think that someone else JUST reviewed it a couple days ago.<br /><br />Anyways),-1.0
(,"the worst sequel I've ever seen. really awful songs which is upsetting considering how fantastic the first films score and story is! also),-1.0
(,"this film is what happens when people see like in this particular one blair witch project and say hell people running around with cameras),-1.0
(,"1928 is in many ways a ""lost year"" in motion pictures. Just as some of the finest films of the silent era were being made in every genre),-3.0
(,"After being sent to prison for no less then 10 nor more then 40 years for being busted with drugs and refusing to give up her accomplishes),-0.75
(,"Any time a movie is so myopic in its desire to present a particular ending or viewpoint that it simply doesn't bother with an actual story),-0.5
(,"Barriers seems to be one of those series that have been lost in the mists of time. After it's transmission in the early 80s and one repeat),-3.0
(,"Beats me how people can describe this adolescent exercise as film noir. True there's a gun & a bottle & a dame & the lead is a private eye),-1.0
(,"Did anybody succeed in getting in this movie?<br /><br />It's a total mess to me: a vague historical/sentimental context instead of a plot),-2.0
(,"I can understand after watching this again for the first time in many years how it is considered one of the worst Laurel & Hardy's. For me),-3.0
(,"I can understand why others reacted rather unpleasantly towards the climax yielding a twist that really is hard to take seriously. I think),-1.0
(,"I chose this movie because I was looking for a triangle friendship between a girl & two boys. As I lived this situation and get lost in it),-3.0
(,"I only watched the first 30 minutes of this and what I saw was a total piece of crap. The scenes I saw were as bad as an Ed Wood movie. No),-3.0
(,"I still can't believe that Wes Craven was responsible for this piece of crap.This movie is worse than ""Deadly Friend"".The plot is stupid),-1.0
(,"I vowed some time ago to never get another Joe Castro film (perhaps after ""Near Death"") but I sort of ended up with this one by accident),-2.0
(,"I...I don't know where to begin. Dragon Hunt might just be the worst film in cinematic history. Even Anus Magilicutty was better than this),-0.5
(,"If you have trouble dreaming you may give this movie a low rating. But you just have to realize this movie was not made to please everyone),-0.5
(,"In the animated series: <br /><br />Aeon Flux was an amoral rebel that was completely detached from everything and everyone. She was cruel),-2.0
(,"Incredible documentary captured all the frenzied chaos and misery which loomed over NYC on that fateful morning of September 11th. Intense),-1.6666666666666667
(,"It was agonizingly bad movie. It will eat your heart out while you watch it. I beg you: don't watch this movie! You will hate you losing 1),-3.0
(,"Let this film serve as the death knell to the ""big twist"" films borne out of the 1990s. Known in some circles as The Kyser Soze Syndrome),-0.5
(,"Me and a friend rented this movie because it sounded really good. But we were wrong. First of the acting....wow...the acting was the worst),-3.0
(,"Mike Hawthorne(Gordon Currie)is witness to the brutal murder of his mother and suicide of his father Morty(Jon Fedele). Twenty years later),-2.0
(,"Seriously - avoid this movie at any cost. I just saw it in my first ""sneak preview"" ever and although I paid non-refundable money for it),-1.0
(,"This as the first of the Ma and Pa Kettle flicks. Marjorie Main (Ma) steals the show in anything she does. Funny to see Ida Moore as Emily),-2.0
(,"This film is terrible. The story concerns a woman trying to find out what has happened to her sister. The film struggles with its identity),-2.0
(,"This is a little film with a big heart. Excellent acting throughout and directed with love. If you missed it in theatres (and who didn't?)),-0.5
(,"This is a really stupid movie in that typical 80s genre: action comedy. Conceptwise it resembles Rush Hour but completely lacks the action),-2.0
(,"This is a very mediocre Jackie Chan film and one of his absolute worst James Glickenhaus ruined it!. All the characters are decent i guess),-2.5
(,"This is an odd movie. On the surface it's no different to many other d-grade gore movies but in at least a few ways it stands out. Firstly),-1.5
(,"This is possibly one of my favorite films. It tells the tale of a girl named Gerda (Chelsea Hobbs) who lost her mother at a very young age),-0.5
(,"This movie commits what I would call an emotional rape on the viewer. The movie supposedly caused quite a stir among the critics in Cannes),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This movie was horrible and the only reason it was even made was because the story appealed to the far-left. I consider my self a moderate),-3.0
(,"This rubbish excuse for television is the single most god-awful piece of trash ever to hit Australian television. The house-mates are dull),-1.5
(,"We chose to see this movie as an alternative to The Polar Express showing at our local IMAX theater. What a waste of time and money! First),-1.0
(,"What a terrible sequel. The reason I give this film two stars instead of zero because it's a movie that has violence and gore and critters),-3.0
(,"When will the hurting stop? I never want to see another version of a Christmas Carol again. They keep on making movies with the same story),-0.5
(,"i have to say that this was the worst film of priyadarshan(releasing alongside much better kyonki which was also his directorial venture) ),-0.5
(,"i went into watching this movie knowing it wasn't going to be great. but what i witnessed was to awful for words. i don't mean to be harsh),-2.5
(,"*** Contains Spoilers ***<br /><br />I did not like this movie at all.<br /><br />I found it amazingly boring and rather superficially made),-0.5
(,"Awful in a bad/good way...this movie has officially become the worst ""made for TV movie"" in my book...except for the camp value it offers),-3.0
(,"Gruveyman2 (comment below)you are a complete idiot...blinded by ignorance by the very city you have allegiance to. Its that whiny arrogance),-2.0
(,"I had high hopes for Troy and I am so bitterly disappointed. The film was directed so badly it made my stomach ache. The pacing was so slow),-1.0
(,"I was forced to see this because a) I have an 11 year-old girl and b) we had shown her the Bonita Granville Nacy Drew movies from the 1930s),-1.0
(,"I was giddy with girlish-glee when I found out about this movie shortly after seeing Spirits Within.<br /><br />After years of anticipation),-0.5
(,"I've seen a lot of movies and rarely would I ever rate a movie ""1"" but this movie was beyond terrible.<br /><br />The acting was terrible),-3.0
(,"I've seen this movie n I can say that this is really a bad movie. The director's gone nuts... of course.. he does know a lot about the army),-3.0
(,"It's difficult to put into words the almost seething hatred I have of this film. But I'll try:<br /><br />Every other word was an expletive),-1.0
(,"No sense going over the story since enough reviewers have done that. Here's a few different slants on it from one of those ""religious nuts),-3.0
(,"Oldboy is set in Korea & starts as a drunken Dae-su Oh (Min-Sik Choi) is bailed out of the police station by his friend only to be abducted),-2.0
(,"Perhaps it's about time we declare 2007 to be ""The International Year of the Cinematic Crocodile""! The ridiculous ""Primeval"" came first),-3.0
(,"Reading the various external reviews of Roger Ebert and other well-known film critics makes me hesitate to admit how much I love this movie),-0.5
(,"Retro Puppet Master starts in Kolewige during 1944 where puppet master Andre Toulon (Guy Rolfe) & his living puppets plan to escape Germany),-1.0
(,"Simply awful. I'm including a spoiler warning here only because of including a coupla jokes from the movie - there is nothing else to spoil),-0.5
(,"Sniffing girl's panties kills a guy...and a stupid freaky puppet says a lot of stupid freaky things......My eyes could not leave the screen),-2.0
(,"So many early British sound films that I've seen on video suffer from either poor print transfer quality or poor sound or both. Fortunately),-2.0
(,"Such is the dilemma(above) that Debbie must face at the close of this Sam Sherman production Naughty Stewardesses. Debbie has just hit town),-1.0
(,"The Dereks did seem to struggle to find rolls for Bo after ""10"".<br /><br />I used to work for a marine park in the Florida Keys. One day),-2.0
(,"The book that this movie is based on seriously changed my life. But saying this movie was a disappointment is an understatement. The acting),-2.0
(,"The recent history of Hollywood remakes of ghost/horror films from the East has been dismal. This film will inevitably suffer the same fate),-2.0
(,"This movie does contradict the first one as far as the origins of the Care Bears and the Care Bear Cousins goes. I won't deny that. However),-2.0
(,"This movie is some of the worst crap I have ever seen. I literally got a sharp pain in my head while watching this movie. The CGI was awful),-2.75
(,"What a terrible movie this was! I made it about 50 minutes into it and started skipping chapters until the end. The plot is nothing special),-3.0
(,"When his elderly mother Emily (Jeanne Bates) is attacked by her lodger Nestor Duvalier (Brion James) and turns into a cannibalistic monster),-1.0
(,"""Snowball Express"" from the Disney Studios isn't quite as dated as some of their output from this era. There are no hippies or hot-rodders),-1.0
(,"As the metaphoric flies fled this steaming watery stool of a film i found myself longing to join them.<br /><br />From the opening sentences),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Carrie Fisher has stated on more than one occasion that she made this movie during a period of her life when she had a heavy cocaine problem),-2.0
(,"Dennis Quaid is tryin' hard to prove us that Jerry Lee Lewis was a dumb guy. And he's doing too much to prove it. TV sequences are very good),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Don't see this movie. Bad acting and stupid gore effects. A complete waste of time. I was hoping to see a lot of cool murders and hot chicks),-0.4
(,"I have no respect for IMDb ratings anymore. I think a bunch of Mormons flooded the website and voted for this. This is not an artistic movie),-1.0
(,"I have seen the film a few days back on a video tape and even though it was hard to swallow it at one take (because of its length and story)),-1.0
(,"I have to admit I did not finish this movie because it was so amazingly stupid and not worth watching. I watched it with a room full of kids),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I really enjoy this film. It is a look back in time when this nation was truly at risk from nations who either attacked or delared war on us),-0.75
(,"I was first introduced to John Waters films by seeing ""Female trouble"" on IFC. I was disgusted but for some sick reason i enjoyed it. Then),-2.3333333333333335
(,"It seems that some viewers assume that the only thing which can make the viewer dislike this movie is the graphic violence. In fact violence),-2.5
(,"It was a serious attempt to show the developing sexuality of two schoolgirls and did not try to exploit its fact Even by today's standards),-2.0
(,"It's a waist to indulge such great actors in such a weak and boring movie. Besides all the unanswered questions posted in the other comments),-0.6666666666666666
(,"It's hard to imagine a director capable of such godawful crap as 'Notting Hill' pulling off something as sensitive and as attractive as this),-1.0
(,"Julia Roberts obviously makes a concerted effort to shake off her cotton wool Pretty Woman persona with this spurious spousal abuse thriller),-3.0
(,"Liv Tyler. Liv Tyler. Liv Tyler. Yeah it's hard to keep your mind off this fetching beauty (giving an radiantly picture-perfect performance)),-1.0
(,"Post-feminist depiction of cruelty and sadism.<br /><br />Spoiler alert! <br /><br />This underrated gem of a film tells the story of Flavia),-3.0
(,"Some Plot Spoilers Ahead.<br /><br />The Nashville Network's so-called rebirth as ""The First Network for Men"" is a complete disappointment),-2.0
(,"The first of five St Trinian's films (although the last is usually discounted) was based around artist Ronald Searle's schoolgirl characters),-1.0
(,"The first two sequences of this movie set up the two conflicts: the -thematic- conflict between the soldier Todd and his suppressed humanity),-2.0
(,"There is no denying it. Sci-fi on TV is difficult. There are so many problems that the genre brings with it. Like the need for a good budget),-0.5
(,"This is one of the periphery stories told by the Animatrix that isn't directly relevant to the war stopping One glorifying plot of the films),-1.5
(,"This is the ultimate one-man show in which Eddie Murphy is at his very best. Just forget the Nutty Professor and the Distinguished Gentlemen),-1.0
(,"This movie is an embarrassment to film-making. I can't believe it was even listed as a comedy - not funny. Not only was the script atrocious),-0.5
(,"This really is the worst film I have ever seen. Ever. Period. I actually paid £3.50 to watch this steaming turd of a movie. Incredibly dull),-2.5
(,"What I came away with after watching this movie was a guilty conscience. The film itself has a rather intriguing plot line and premise to it),-3.0
(,"What is the deal with all these ethnic crime groups copying Italian mafia related movies ? We all know the Godfather as in Don Vito Corleone),-3.0
(,"""And the time came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom"" - Anais Nin Marcel Proust says),-2.0
(,"""I presume you are here for damage to your mental circuitry."" - VAL<br /><br />Mike Nelson made me watch this...he mentioned it in his book),-3.0
(,"***Comments contain spoilers*** I was barely holding on to this show as appointment TV when they started the annoying music under EVERY SCENE),-2.0
(,"By far this has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. I watch practically every movie that is on at night (either showtime),-3.0
(,"Corbin Bernsen's sent letters to four criminal associates he's worked with in the past and it's a real intergenerational mix with Fred Gwynne),-3.0
(,"Depardieu's most notorious film is this (1974)groundbreaker from Bertrand Blier. It features many highly sexual scenes verging on an X-rating),-2.0
(,"Hellraiser: Bloodline is only a so-so film. I believe it's the fourth installment in the Hellraiser series.<br /><br />I missed the beginning),-2.0
(,"How sad to see the beautiful and talented Tina Louise reduced to making this horrible excuse for a film. Tina still looked fit and attractive),-0.4
(,"I can not believe I wasted my money to rent this movie. I thought it was a porn flick when it started and it never got any better. The acting),-2.0
(,"I figure this to be an ""alternate reality"" teen flick...More precisely a Ferris Bueller type character as the leader of a cheat ring . Yeah),-3.0
(,"I only saw the first part of this and concluded that I wouldn't miss anything if I didn't watch the second episode. The cinematography was OK),-2.0
(,"I rented this on DVD and I kind of feel bad since Dawson and Lugacy are so earnest about it in the DVD comments. It's not a bad movie exactly),-0.5
(,"I saw this movie for the first time on a sick day from school about ten years ago. Compared to the made for Lifetime movies I usually watched),-2.0
(,"I see this movie as a poor tribute to the old slasher movies. Because it really doesn't hold a candle to the 70's and 80's gold-era of horror),-2.0
(,"I'm afraid that I have to disagree with the majority. I found Spike Lee's latest a wee bit boring! Although he was trying something different),-2.0
(,"I've avoided seeing this film for some time but finally picked up a copy. Having been born too late to see 'Hair' in its contemporary setting),-1.0
(,"If one overlooks the technical problems of this early (1930) sound movie such as the sound quality and the occasional stiffness of John Wayne),-2.0
(,"It is OK movie if it would be done by high school kids for their friends. It is way below limits be called ""professional"". There isn't plot),-1.0
(,"It's hard to tell who this film is aimed at; the characterisation and style smacks of a ""Children's ITV"" series crossed with an Aussie soap),-1.0
(,"Obviously made to show famous 1950s stripper Misty Ayers ""acting"" talents. Too bad she can't act.<br /><br />Boring little tale about sweet),-0.5
(,"One of the most boring slashers ever.. If you can even call it that. I wouldn't watch this if it even ended up being some kind of porno movie),-0.5
(,"Pure Orson Welles genius makes this one of the greatest of movies. Welles is drawn into a murder conspiracy only to be set up as the fall guy),-0.6666666666666666
(,"That is what this movie is. Good God the special effects suck in this movie. It is difficult for anything to suck more than this movie's plot),-2.3333333333333335
(,"The message of a world on the brink of war is disregarded by the masses; the mythical city of Everytown in 1940 represents England in general),-2.0
(,"The show is about two sisters living together. Holly being the younger one has some teenage problems on the other hand her sister Val has job),-2.0
(,"The title alone (along with the poster) is enough to give away ""The Projected Man"" as an obvious rip-off of ""The Fly"". And Bryant Haliday),-2.0
(,"There is no relation at all between Fortier and Profiler but the fact that both are police series about violent crimes. Profiler looks crispy),-2.0
(,"This digital horror film brings us into the Micro-budget film genre where the more blood and chicks in distress the better. The story is weak),-2.0
(,"This film has the worst editing I've ever seen. This is yet another film to avoid at all costs unless you view it via MST3K. On their website),-2.0
(,"This is a bad movie. Not one of the funny bad ones either. This is a lousy bad one. It was actually painful to watch. The direction was awful),-1.6
(,"This is one of the worst movies I saw! I dunno what are the reasons for shoting suck a crap. Don't waste your time watching this. Good actors),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This is without a shadow of a doubt the absolute worst movie Steven Seagal has ever made. And that says a lot. Don't get fooled by the rating),-2.0
(,"This movie got extremely silly when things started to happen. I couldn't care less about any of the characters; Susan Walters was so annoying),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie is truly one of the worst pieces of garbage ever. It really is surprising that something so completely terrible could be made. But),-3.0
(,"This was the worst film i have seen for a long time. <br /><br />Not only that it has nearly nothing to do with the other American Pie movies),-3.0
(,"We actually watched this twice in the theater because we could not believe how bad it was the first time. Maybe we'd missed something... nope),-2.5
(,"What Hopkins does succeed at with this effort as writer and director is giving us a sense that we know absolutely no one in the film. However),-1.0
(,"Wonderful family film that should be a staple at Christmas time. It's a mystery to me why it isn't. A true lost film that I first encountered),-0.5
(,"""Changi"" is an Australian comedy/drama set in the World War 2 Japanese prisoner of war camp of that name. The story cuts between past events),-1.6666666666666667
(,"American movies about war and Nazis simply cannot be good. They can not refrain from becoming idiot and following an agenda. All Nazis are bad),-2.6666666666666665
(,"An absorbing (although repetitive and rather didactic) analysis of exploitation and despair in a situation where there is no way forward or up),-2.0
(,"As a geology student this movie depicts the ignorance of Hollywood. In the scene where the dog grabs the bone from inside of the burning house),-2.0
(,"Hargh... this film is so bad it's almost good. Trash at its best. Jesus' bro vs. pimps...come on. I'd say that you'd actually have to see this),-3.0
(,"I don't understand how ""2 of us"" receive such a high rating... I thought that the first half dragged on and the second half didnt make sense),-1.0
(,"I had always wanted to see this film and the first three-fourths proved I hadn't waited in vain. But what the hell happened in the end? I mean),-4.0
(,"I had been looking forward to this movie since Lost World came out. It didn't bother me that Lost World wasn't as intellectual as the original),-2.0
(,"Icy and lethal ace hit-man Tony Arzenta (a divinely smooth and commanding performance by Alain Delon) wants to quit the assassination business),-3.0
(,"It is a great tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But that shouldn't blind anybody to the fact that in 1981),-0.25
(,"Just getting released from a six month drug rehabilitation program and having served his time for dealing cards in illegal gambling card games),-3.0
(,"Master of Italian horror Dario Argento is called a lot of bad things by non-fans. And is deserving of absolutely none of the backlash. In fact),-3.0
(,"Shakespeare Behind Bars was a strangely uplifting documentary despite its content. Convicts at Luther Luckett Correctional Complex in LaGrange),-1.0
(,"So 'Thinner'... Yep.. This Steven Bachman (read Steven King) yarn about a man who gets his just desserts from a Gypsy Elder who he just killed),-3.0
(,"The Good: I liked this movie because it was the first horror movie I've seen in a long time that actually scared me. The acting wasn't too bad),-1.0
(,"The Hazing is confused mumbo-jumbo that wants so hard to be The Evil Dead that it even references Bruce Campbell several times. The problem is),-1.6666666666666667
(,"The first season of Bones is playing in Finland and I can't believe the amount of bullshit that this show puts on - the characters are shallow),-4.0
(,"The humor is non-existent in this loser of a movie. Carrot Top plays a surfer dude inventor who consistently blows the rent money on his goofy),-0.5
(,"The lead characters in this movie fall into two categories: smart and stupid. Simple enough.<br /><br />Jiri Machacek (Standa) plays a hapless),-0.5
(,"The murders in Opera are not actual murders as much as they are symbols of past events and parts of Betty's own fractured personality. In fact),-2.0
(,"There are few movies that appear to provide enterntainment as well as realism. If you've ever wondered about the role of snipers in modern war),-2.0
(,"There are no - NO redeeming qualities to this film. They didn't check a single fact - NOT ONE about... anything. I feel sorry for Larry Miller),-1.0
(,"This is a low grade cold war propaganda film crossed with a soapie. It may have some long-term significance as a snapshot of 1950s US thinking),-1.0
(,"This movie is so bad they should burn the master. You cant spoil the plot because this movie doesn't have one. The graphics are less than fake),-3.0
(,"This movie is terrible. TERRIBLE. One of the worst movies ever. I cannot even imagine Gigli being worse that this. Previews made us say ""NO""),-3.0
(,"This review is based on the Producer's Cut: <br /><br />'Halloween 5' was a major disappointment at the box office way back in '89. Personally),-2.0
(,"We have to remember that the 50's were practically a blank slate when it came to movies. Hollywood was in transition from patriotic war movies),-2.0
(,"as always this is an inaccurate picture of the homeless. TV told a lot of lies about panhandlers in the early 1990s and made everyone look bad),-3.0
(,"""The Chilling"" directed by Deland Nuse and Jack A.Sunseri is one of the worst zombie flicks I have ever seen.Why Linda Blair(""The Exorcist""),-3.0
(,"...scratch it. Just as African's created rhythms with the jawbone of an ass and Virgin Islanders welded oil drums into ear pleasing steel bands),-4.0
(,"A total and absolute waste of time. Bad acting. Bad story. Predictable. Simple. Pathetic. After a while I was only watching to see what happens),-1.0
(,"A truly scary film. Happening across curmudgeon James Kunstler's rants led me to recently-formed web logs like Life After the Oil Crash (LATOC)),-1.0
(,"Channel zapping one night I just caught the start of this movie and it hooked me from the beginning. It tells the sad story of an adopted child),-2.0
(,"Exceptionally horrible tale that I can barely put into words. The best part of the movie was when one of the murder victims turns up at the end),-1.25
(,"First of all. I do not look down on Americans. I know lots of people that are intelligent people from the USA. But this Movie is so utterly bad),-0.5
(,"I am sick and tired of all these little weenies going on about how this movie ""rocked"". It is pure CG over-acted CRAP! Don't send an Assassin),-2.0
(,"I can still remember first seeing this on TV. I couldn't believe TVNZ let it on! I had to own it! A lot of the humor will be lost on non-NZ'ers),-0.5
(,"I have rarely been subjected to such outright nonsense in a film that is supposed to be based on a historical figure. A horrible joke of a film),-1.0
(,"I just watched this horrid thing on TV. Needless to say it is one of those movies that you watch just to see how much worse it can get. Frankly),-3.0
(,"I knew as soon as I saw the first trailer for Black Snake Moan that I would have to see it. I was not disappointed in the slightest in the film),-2.0
(,"I thought this is an unbelievable boring movie! i heard the director can't speak french and so he left his actors tell what they wanted... Well),-2.0
(,"In this desperate and thoroughly silly attempt to keep Hammer's Dracula franchise alive despite having lost most of its power long time already),-1.5
(,"Interesting? Hardly. The 'scientific evidence' the movie provides for its point (which is basicly that Jews are a cancer) is so stupid and lame),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Less Than Zero could have been the 80s movie that reveals teenage apathy in its most extreme form had they actually stuck to the damn book. But),-3.0
(,"Luther the Geek (1990) is a dull horror movie and is really bad even by Troma's standards!! It's about a freak who bites the heads off chickens),-2.5
(,"Not just because of that theme in the movie. Which was one of the lame excuses for something reminiscent of plot. No.<br /><br />I watched this),-2.0
(,"So what constitutes a real independent film? In a day and age where the latest fad of mainstream hollywood is to appear rugged and cutting edge),-1.5
(,"Some people say this show was good in it's early years! I disagree with all of 'em. The show is just plain stupid and pathetic. My mum hates it),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Sure it is a new take on vampires. Who cares. I would rather the old take if it is entertaining. This was not entertaining. It was a dull story),-2.0
(,"Swoon focuses on Leopold and Loeb's homosexual relationship - a facet of the case that has been mostly (and unjustly) ignored since their trial),-2.0
(,"The biggest problem that the TV program Key West faced was that it was advertised wrong. If you saw the ads you would think it was a jiggle how),-2.0
(,"The movie was completely misleading and the bonus material confirmed my impression that it was a rip-off of Joeseph Conrad's Heart Of Darkness ),-3.0
(,"The only redeeming qualities this movie has are the fairly original death scenes. Other than that this movie is a big DUD. We have Kim Basinger),-0.5
(,"This film has absolutely no redeeming features. It's not even worthy of being in the 'so bad it's good' category - it's simply bad. Badly acted),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This film was one of the worst I've seen in a long while. <br /><br />It's a combination police drama and comedy about two Hollywood detectives),-1.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Thank God I saw it for free. I would have hated to waste my money on it.<br /><br />First off),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This story about a man's 28 year struggle for a death that would liberate him from his already dead body becomes a masterpiece to be remembered),-0.75
(,"This two-character drama is extremely well-acted and has a valid message and some TRULY shocking moments (shocking not because they are graphic),-2.0
(,"This was one of the worst films i have ever seen. I'm still trying to get over how bad it was. Just because it has Godard's name attached to it),-3.0
(,"if they gave me the option of negative numbers I'd use it. This movie was truly god-awful. I went into the theaters expecting it to be horrible),-2.5
(,"""Checking Out"" is a very witty and honest portrayal of a bizarre family that happens to be Jewish. Judaism plays virtually no role in the film),-0.3333333333333333
(,"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** There's not much that can be said about this early-talkie era flick. (I'm hesitant to call ""Cimarron"" a ""film""),-2.0
(,"A little girl's dead body is found stripped of all possible means of identification. When it is discovered that one leg is longer than the other),-3.0
(,"Bradford Dillman plays a scientist who wakes up one morning in the middle of a bloody crime scene; having partial amnesia (or ""global amnesia""),-3.0
(,"Cash (Now played by Khrystyne Haje in for Angelina Jolie) has wandered to a post apocalypse wasteland (after her protector has died from old age),-3.0
(,"Critics claim that this film is one of the worst films ever. Watchers also claim the same. But there is a flip side to that coin. They are wrong),-2.5
(,"Hello. this is my first review for any movie i have seen. i went through the trouble of doing this to tell everyone that this is quite literally),-2.0
(,"I have heard that Novo was compared to Memento for the simple fact they both rely on main characters suffering from short-term memory loss. Well),-2.0
(,"I just saw a terrible film called The Sleeping Dictionary. One reviewer on Four Word Film Review (www.fwfr.com) got it right right when he wrote),-3.0
(,"No music. No stupid masala. A reasonably realistic portrayal of the police system in India and based on a real ""encounter"" specialist in India),-2.0
(,"OK end of the story is - all the kills were a joke on the main character and no one is actually dead. Yes I know Cry Wolf did it and did it well),-0.6666666666666666
(,"One of the worst movie I have seen in 2009 so far: The story hesitates between a silly thriller or a dumb comedy.<br /><br />As nothings happens),-2.3333333333333335
(,"One of the worst movies I ever saw. My only thought was: ""how can I get my money back from Hollywood Video"". This is no way worth four dollars),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Put the blame on executive producer Wes Craven and financiers the Weinsteins for this big-budget debacle: a thrash-metal updating of ""Dracula""),-2.0
(,"Richard Gere and Diane Lane star in a chick flick romance with the sort of ending I get really angry about...lets just say its not my cup of tea),-0.5
(,"Seven pioneer kids strive independently across many miles of Indian territory and harsh weather to reach Oregon.<br /><br />According to history),-0.5
(,"The plot and characters are ridiculous and barely qualify AS ""plot"" and ""character"". The biggest problem is the fact that everything is dark),-2.5
(,"There is not much to say about this one except that it is probably the worst of the early spate of zombie movies (I may get to watch another one),-3.0
(,"This is one of the oddest movies I have watched in a long while. Usually if they are this strange I bail out early and rarely regret it. Luckily),-1.5
(,"This is one of the worst movies I have seen this year. You should not see this movie but if you insist on wasting your time you should stop here),-2.0
(,"This is only somewhat attractive for fans of ""bad movie"" entertainment. It is more worthwhile for students of 1970's pop culture: the fashions),-3.0
(,"This is probably one of the worst ""wanna be a low budget hit films"" to credit the dinosaur genre. The film is so predictable you could go away),-3.0
(,"This movie was SO stupid~!!! I could not bare to watch the rest of this movie..... To think that the spoiled bitch suggested to see other people),-5.0
(,"This period melodrama is one of Griffith's earliest claustrophobic films. Characters trapped within a room are prevalent throughout his work and),-2.0
(,"Throughout the world the unmistakable imprint of the American C.I.A. can be found in many a muddled mess they have left behind. In the beginning),-2.0
(,"Wealthy businessman Bill Compton (played by Dennis Patrick) accidentally kills his daughter's hippie boyfriend after an argument. Panic-stricken),-2.5
(,"Where the hell did VH1 find the scriptwriter for this movie??? Out of high school? This movie tries so hard to be sympathetic to Michael Jackson),-1.0
(,"Writer/Director Peter Greenaway cements his title as the High Lord of Art House Pretension with his latest exercise in obnoxious self-indulgence),-3.0
(,"You know a movie will not go well when John Carradine narrates (a.k.a. reads the script & plot synopsis) over his character's funeral procession),-1.0
(,"i don't believe it sixty percent of voters voted this show as ten now how the hell is the rating a five point eight it impossible i don't get it),-4.0
(,"""Fred Claus"" somehow avoids becoming this year's ""The Santa Clause"" by at least having a bit more amusing moments than that Tim Allen starrer),-1.0
(,"""What the Bleep Do We Know!?"" was one of the worst times I have spent at the movies. It was less of a movie and more of an after school special),-3.0
(,"(Some Spoilers) Sweeping into New York City on a first-class railroad car a killer who doesn't kill with a gun or knife or club but just with his),-2.0
(,"<br /><br />Paul Verhoeven finally bombed out on this one. He became a joke on himself. Once again we have a film which includes sex and violence),-0.5
(,"A British teen movies which centres around a girl (Justine) accidentally creating her dream man (Jake) in by the use of a virtual reality machine),-0.5
(,"A film that can make you shed tears of sadness and tears of joy would be considered quite a step in the career of a common filmmaker. The fact is),-0.3333333333333333
(,"A man wakes from a nightmare about bats. He and his wife go out into the desert for a picnic on their honeymoon. He seems to hear a strange noise),-1.0
(,"All I could think while watching this movie was: ""Will it ever end?!"" It was unbearably boring to watch. I was wishing I could just turn it off),-1.0
(,"Bette Davis brings her full trunk of tics to this miserable flop which is another variation on the ""hilariously mismatched"" lovers theme. Sadly),-2.5
(,"Can't liberals like Alec Baldwin get it through their heads that they lost the elections of 2000 and 2004? The ridiculous. lame swipes at WalMart),-1.0
(,"Coach Preachy or Straight Sappy. It's bad writing combined w/even worse acting. You can choose to drink the Gatorade of this after school special),-3.0
(,"Crazed Shotgun toting-incest driven-revenge seeking truck drivers & obsessive control disorder ""daddy raped me when I was 12"" handcuff carrying),-2.0
(,"DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!<br /><br />I had to see why all the critics fawn over this movie. I have seen it and still don't get it. The Plot is thin),-2.0
(,"Don't quite know why some people complain about this film not being a comedy and at the same time being too unrealistic. If it had been realistic),-0.5
(,"Georgia Rule has got to be one of - if not the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. The whole movie has a very surreal feel that made me gasp),-3.0
(,"House of Dracula was made towards the end of Universal's horror cycle of the 1940's and I've seen this a couple of times.<br /><br />A mad Doctor),-3.0
(,"I can't recommend this film as a date movie. Gary Oldman's semi-autobiographical account of life lived on a South East London estate is a violent),-0.5
(,"I have always had this morbid curiosity when it comes to notoriously bad and unpopular movies. I also have always enjoyed so-bad-it's-good flicks),-3.0
(,"I have not yet decided whether this will replace Anaconda as ""The Worst Film I Have Ever Seen"".<br /><br />Even if you ignore the dodgy accents),-1.5
(,"I remember watching this mini-series the first time in 1984 with a growing sense of anger and indignation. Having read the comments on this title),-1.0
(,"I suffered the watching of this movie at Sitges Festival last month. If there would be a possibility of ""unfilm"" a movie to avoid its existence),-1.0
(,"I was duped as well. Here I was expecting all sorts of man eating Pirahnas and what the hell do you get.<br /><br />An hour and a half of nothing),-3.0
(,"I was subjected to this terrible excuse for a made for TV movie. I only watched it because I don't have cable and my only other choices were Golf),-2.0
(,"It's a bit unnerving when a studio declines to screen a film for the press before it goes into wide release. That many movies suck is no surprise),-2.0
(,"The only reason I rented this movie was that Val Kilmer rarely stars in a bad movie. There is of course a first time for everything. In many ways),-3.0
(,"The world is facing imminent destruction and a suicide mission is sent to the Sun to avert catastrophe by firing a bomb into its fiery heart: yes),-1.5714285714285714
(,"There are bad movies and then there are movies which are even worst. Saw is just that.<br /><br />The movie is simply bad on all points. The plot),-3.0
(,"This German horror film has to be one of the weirdest I have seen.<br /><br />I was not aware of any connection between child abuse and vampirism),-3.0
(,"This could have been great. The voice-overs are exactly right and fit the characters to a T. One small problem though; the look of the characters),-0.5
(,"This is crap....utter crap. I cannot believe any company could even get people to work on a film like this. Full Moon has a number of awful films),-0.5
(,"This is the one movie that represents all that is bad in the movie business. The actors are pathetic and the script is awful. The special effects),-2.5
(,"This movie . . . I don't know. Why they would take such an indellible character as Pippi Longstocking and cast the singularly charmless Tami Erin),-3.0
(,"This movie makes a promising start and then gets very confused and muddled. Kamal Hasan has made a lot of effort in getting the period look right),-2.0
(,"Trekkies is really not a movie about Star Trek fandom. It's a freak show about those Star Trek fans who have no sense of reality. As a freak show),-1.0
(,"Why should you watch this? There are certainly no reasons why you shouldn't watch it! Superbly and amusingly directed by Albert and David Maysles),-1.0
(,"William Petersen (that C.S.I guy) has a small uncredited role but it's the best part of the movie. His character comes across smart ass and tough),-0.25
(,"You have to respect this movie. It may be ""just a dumb kid's movie"" but it's the #1 most frequently requested film title in online movie forums),-3.0
(,"i was one ""chosen"" to see this movie in a sneak preview.<br /><br />first you should know that this film is based on the video game ""far cry""),-1.0
(,"""Subconscious Cruelty"" has to be one of the most disturbing films I've ever seen. ""Salo"" and ""Cannibal Holocaust"" didn't bother me that much),-2.0
(,"(A possible spoiler or two) <br /><br /> ""Soul Survivors"" is quite possibly the worst theatrical released movie ever. Nothing makes sense at all),-3.0
(,"<br /><br />""step aside for hollywood veterans?"" (the wayan brothers were 'asked') thats what hollyweird demanded and thats what it got. However),-1.0
(,"A `Wacky Chick' flick. A beauty contestant winds up dead and the Usual Suspects are rounded up. Another entry in the vein of the Texas Cheerleader),-3.0
(,"First of all..I've seen better acting and more realistic makeup in porno flicks. How bad was ""Chris Moltisante"" as Stewie Ungar? On The Sopranos),-0.5
(,"I admit that for the first 20 minutes or so of this film I wasn't entirely sure I was going to sit through the whole thing. Like many other people),-1.0
(,"I am appalled and dismayed that the Network has canceled Talk Show with Spike Feresten !!<br /><br />What is wrong with The Fox Television Network),-2.0
(,"I am giving this pretentious piece of garbage a 1 simply because i don't believe there is a worse movie in the world.<br /><br />I hate this movie),-3.0
(,"I am normally skeptical about watching films or mini-series based on novels because the screenplay is always different from the novel. Fortunately),-2.0
(,"I am really surprised that this movie get a ranking like this! I haven't seen such a bad movie for years.Omg this was a really bad movie. Splatter),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I couldn't watch more than 14 minutes of it. It's a GREAT combination of really bad acting and really bad directing. The shots used are disgusting),-3.0
(,"I had to see this gem twice to really appreciate all of it. When a widowed father of two interrupts his two sons' sleep with a shocking revelation),-0.75
(,"I knew that I was not about to see a quality film when this title was included in a 'B-grade video night' at a friends place. Despite the warnings),-3.0
(,"I run a group to stop comedian exploitation and I just spent the past 2 months hearing horror stories from comedians who attempted to audition for),-1.0
(,"I saw this regurgitated pile of vignettes tonight at a preview screening and I was straight up blown away by how bad it was. <br /><br />First off),-1.0
(,"I think this movie got a low rating because it got judged by it's worst moments. There is a diarrhea joke and an embarrassing nut-scratching scene),-1.0
(,"I thought this movie was horrible. I was bored and had to use all the self control I have to not scream at the screen. Mod Squad was beyond cheesy),-2.0
(,"I totally got drawn into this and couldn't wait for each episode. The acting brought to life how emotional a missing person in the family must be ),-2.0
(,"I've heard people who say this movie is dull dull dull. I don't think they were watching the right movie. This isn't the prototypical action movie),-2.0
(,"Normally I don't like series at all. They're all to predictable and they tend to become boring and dull very fast.<br /><br />These series however),-1.0
(,"Tales from the Crypt: And All Through the House starts on Christmas Eve as Elizabeth (Mary Ellen Trainor) kills her husband Joseph (Marshall Bell)),-3.0
(,"That's the only word I can think of to describe this movie. Not waste as in a waste of time (any time spent with these characters is never wasted)),-1.3333333333333333
(,"The actual crime story at the core of In Cold Blood might seem a little 'tame' for those who are weened on the classic serial killer stories (Gein),-3.0
(,"The movie was better than what i expected. I was working on the movie set for a short period of time when Damien was making this film.The gun fire),-0.3333333333333333
(,"There is a lot of talk of torture these days. That's all this movie is. It's about a good person who makes a bad decision. Because of his kindness),-1.3333333333333333
(,"There was nothing about this movie that I liked. It was so obviously low-budget with bad lighting and camera work (almost like Blair Witch Project),-0.5
(,"This is a very interesting acquaintance! ""Two-fisted tales"" contains three foolish and childish episodes - genre isn't actually horror or action),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This movie was probably one of the worst movies I've seen in a very long time. A friend of mine grabbed it off the shelf at the video rental store),-3.0
(,"This series continues to frustrate and annoy. How are they going to drag this out for another year? Each episode offers up more and more questions),-1.5
(,"This show is just another bad comedy which will probably be cancelled after two seasons. It's not just that the jokes are sexist/racist/homophobic),-0.25
(,"What's up with Robert ""Pretentious"" Altman? Was he saving on lighting? Everything was so dark in this boring movie that it was laughable. I mean),-3.0
(,"Whenever I see most reviews it's called 'a misfire for Eddie Murphy'. These critics want to take a look at some of the stuff he's doing these days),-0.5
(,"Writer-director Patrice Leconte takes a universal and potentially bottomless subject - friendship - and turns it into a flat and meaningless farce),-1.5
(,"You'll either love or hate movies such as this thriller set inside a lonesome asylum in a far off lonesome land. It's not so much of a horror show),-1.0
(,"wow...this has got to be the DUMBEST movie I've ever seen. We watched it in english class...and this movie made ABSOLUTELY no sense. I would never),-1.0
(,"A scientist and his girl friend are out driving when his speeding causes a car crash. He escapes unharmed but she is decapitated. He saves her head),-1.0
(,"Any movie in which Brooke Shields out-acts a Fonda is going to be both an anomaly and a horror. Shields actually is only bad because she's youthful),-0.5
(,"Anyone notice that Tommy only has 3 facial expressions.<br /><br />1. The angry eyes look he gives every enemy. 2. The holding of the hands to face),-3.0
(,"Be very afraid of anyone who likes this film. They probably inhaled too many paint chips as a child. Its so awful I refuse to relive a plot. O yeah),-0.8
(,"Everything that made the original so much fun seems to absent here. This is simply a ""run of the mill demons on the loose wrecking havoc"" slasher),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Father Hood<br /><br />I can understand why a lot of people hate this tale of a father kidnapping his two children and carrying them across America),-3.0
(,"Hardly the stuff dreams are made of is this pursuit of the brass ring by a naive hustler (JON VOIGT) and his lame con-man sidekick (DUSTIN Hoffman)),-1.0
(,"Hideously bad movie purportedly about a croupier who wants to be a writer and the incidents that make up casino life. Moves at a snail's pace. Dull),-3.0
(,"I consider this film one of the worst in the Nightmare series. It was so boring that I couldn't remember a thing 20 minutes after the film was over),-3.0
(,"I couldn't wait for the end. This is absolutely the worst film I have ever seen. If you thought that just about anyone could make a watchable movie),-3.0
(,"I don't know about the rest of the viewers of this movie but personally I'm dead sick and tired of Steven Seagal films. When Above the Law came out),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I read this Thornton Wilder play last year in eighth grade. I was also forced to sit through this weak translation of it on screen. Let me tell you),-1.5
(,"I think this is the worst movie I have seen since ""Mortal Kombat 2"". The action (including the effects) is like in a cheap Glen A. Larson TV show),-0.5
(,"In the wake of the matrix this travesty of a film with loose connections to VR has been reissued with the tag-line ""The Matrix just got Deadler!""),-2.5
(,"Jack Brooks (Trevor Matthews) is a college student with some severe anger issues. His family was brutally murdered when he was a child by a monster),-2.5
(,"Just had the misfortune to see this truly awful film.<br /><br />Think of that scene in Magnolia at the end with the slow pan in on that woman. Now),-3.0
(,"Nightkill stars Robert Mitchum as a world-weary private eye probing the case of a missing industrialist (Mike Connors). He is hired by Jaclyn Smith),-2.0
(,"Steve Martin should quit trying to do remakes of classic comedy. He absolutely does not fit this part. Like the woeful remake of the Out Of Towners),-1.0
(,"The BBC and the Arts & Entertainment Network should be ashamed of themselves for foisting this unfortunate production onto the world. The acting is),-2.0
(,"This final installment of the ""Airport"" franchise was so incredibly awful that it took me awhile to realize it actually wasn't a slapstick comedy),-1.0
(,"This has to be one of the most beautifully morbid films I have ever seen. Merhige has created a living painting that unfolds with horrific violence),-1.0
(,"This is an hybrid creature born at Carl Macek mind. With Robotech the second generation (Robotech Masters) and Megazone 23 into one miserable movie),-3.0
(,"This is one of those movies that you watch because it's bad. Such a movie that you watch just to see it's shitty craftsmanship. Supposedly a horror),-3.0
(,"UP AT THE VILLA (2000) **1/2<br /><br />WARNING: YOU MAY FIND SOME SPOILERS AHEAD<br /><br />It's hard to know what is the point in UP AT THE VILLA),-1.0
(,"""Bullfighter"" was made in 2000 but it is being released on video 5 years later for some reason. I wonder why? Could it be: The confusing storyline),-2.0
(,"<br /><br />Presenting Lily Mars is one of a genre of film that sadly seems to have disappeared with the studio system. Ok now that you know my bias),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Dr Tarr's Torture Dungeon is about a journalist who travels to an insane asylum to write about a new technique they use with their patients. However),-2.0
(,"Gerard is a writer with a somewhat overactive imagination. He is also homosexual and Catholic prone to Catholic guilt and something of a clairvoyant),-3.0
(,"How Irish critics rave about this movie is beyond me. Overacted by the usual band of Irish actors dragged out for every Irish movie. Terrible script),-1.5
(,"I can't really think of any redeeming features of this utterly bad rendering on Asimov than the art direction. Forget the product placement disaster),-2.5
(,"I saw this film as it was the second feature on a disc containing the previously banned Video Nasty 'Blood Rites'. As Blood Rites was entirely awful),-2.5
(,"Jim Carrey is one of the funniest and most gifted comedians in film today. With his hyperactive spontaneity and his rubber face he can just go crazy),-2.0
(,"My boss at the time and showed it to us at a Halloween party at our office. He is the Chris Huntley that co-wrote and acted in it. He knows it's bad),-3.0
(,"My taste in films continues to astound me and probably infuriate readers of my reviews but to each their own and I have a weak spot for crazy horror),-0.75
(,"Niñas Mal is not a movie is a bad episode of a cheesy badly conceived soap opera. <br /><br />The acting is not a bit better of that in soap operas),-1.3333333333333333
(,"The 1997 low-key indie dramedy Henry Fool would seemingly have been a secure choice of movies no one would bother to revisit for a sequel. A rumpled),-0.3333333333333333
(,"The movie starts with a board meeting at a major advertising agency. Putney Swope is on the board for no other reason than the fact that he is black),-1.0
(,"There were a lot of dumb teenage getting sex movies of the 80s and a lot of slasher flicks but there were only a handful that were made with thought),-3.0
(,"This apology for a movie is about absolutely nothing! Rachel Griffiths must have needed the money. The film must have been made on a very low budget),-1.0
(,"This film is so much of a rip-off of the masterpeice ""demons"" and thats the only thing that makes the movie worth watching. The acting is terrible),-0.5
(,"This film opened to poor showings in the first few weeks. Then Meena Kumari died and it just brought the crowds rolling in. Songs on All India Radio),-2.5
(,"This movie is about a depressed and emotionally constricted man has a distant relative move in with him in his apartment in Istanbul. As time passes),-2.0
(,"This review took longer to write than I took to watch this film. It's just plain bad. The plot is terrible in comparison to the TV shows. It is flat),-3.0
(,"This sequel to the above - and the final entry in the ""Kharis"" series - is slightly more enjoyable on the whole but it's also more contrived (hell),-4.0
(,"This trash version of `Romeo and Juliet' passes in Manhattan in the present days. Romeo (Will Keenan) is an a**hole and violent member of family Que),-3.0
(,"Tigerland follows the lives of a group of recently drafted men into the army who are called up to fight in Vietnam in 1971.<br /><br />At this point),-1.0
(,"Unbelievably close to real life feelings and emotions captured by Joseph Mazzello as a hemophiliac child affected by AIDS and his new young neighbor),-1.0
(,"What an unusual movie.<br /><br />Absolutely no concessions are made to ""Hollywood special effects"" or entertainment. There is no background music),-1.0
(,"What can I say? Not as bad as many here have made it out to be. The only reason I even watched this film that I had previously never heard of before),-3.0
(,"What can you possibly say about a show of this magnitude? ""The Sopranos"" has literally redefined television as we know it. It has broken all rules),-1.0
(,"What offends me most about the critics following this film is the mentioning of 'originality'. This film does not contain ONE innovating element. If),-2.0
(,"When I first saw this movie in the theater I was so angry. It completely blew in my opinion. I didn't see it for a decade then decided what the hell),-4.0
(,"You should never ever even consider to watch this movie! It is absolutely awful! This isn't an overstatement!! It is so unbelievable and exaggerated),-1.5
(,"Zipperface is the kind of experience one waits an entire lifetime to avoid! Mansour Pormand ranks as one of the worst film directors of all time! If),-0.5
(,"i checked this one out on DVD for a dollar so I could easily smile as this dreadful movie unfolds. every time that you think it cannot get any worse),-1.3333333333333333
(,"i found this movie to be a complete waste of 96 minutes. jones was a weird kid and is severly messed up! According to my memory which might be wrong),-1.75
(,"this movie begins with an ordinary funeral... and it insists so hard on this ordinary funeral feel that i lost interest within 5 minutes of watching),-1.0
(,"this movie offers nothing but the dumbest conversations possible. as a matter of fact i most probably could not have imagined how meaningless a film),-0.5
(,"this movie takes the voice of terror and makes it better. holmes is protecting an inventor in switzerland and is on the trail of professor moriarity),-3.0
(,"""The Bat People"" is a really bad film that deserved the MST3K treatment just as well like that other film ""The Creeping Terror.""<br /><br />In it),-0.5
(,"...but this just isn't working and I am surprised to see how many people consider it good. On what grounds? There are some loose hints here and there),-3.0
(,"Another one for the Babes & Bullets crowd. The story is much edgier than any other musical I have seen: cannons hidden up the missing legs of females),-2.0
(,"Hard to believe this was directed by Fritz Lang since he mostly directed crime dramas and mysteries. This movie has a cast that includes Robert Young),-3.0
(,"I am being in no way facetious when I say that this movie was worse than any other movie ever made. Worse than ""Batman & Robin"". Worse than ""Manos),-2.0
(,"I find it almost touching how Star Trek fans try desperately to like this film in spite of its unbelievable number of flaws.<br /><br />To begin with),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I have read the 28 most recent comments by various people regarding this movie and was surprised that no one mentioned the fact that the first victim),-2.0
(,"I know that Guts of a Beauty and Guts of a Virgin are crap films and are hated by many but I'm gonna put myself under the bus here and say I like 'em),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I rented this film because it was a documentary and highly rated. It's more a study of a bastard son trying to find out who his biological father was),-5.0
(,"I saw this movie by accident while in Paris. I went into the wrong theater by accident and by the time I realized it wasn't a preview or a short film),-2.0
(,"I wasn`t expecting much with HARLEM NIGHTS but I wasn`t expecting it to be as bad as it was . Without doubt the worst aspect is the obscene language ),-2.25
(,"In order to describe what's seriously wrong with this movie it has to contain some *spoilers* so if you're going to see it and expect to be surprised),-2.0
(,"Inspired by Hitchcock's STRANGERS ON A TRAIN concept of two men swapping murders in exchange for getting rid of the two people messing up their lives),-2.0
(,"It was almost worth sitting through this entire god-awful ""film"" just to know that I can never experience anything as bad as this again. Acting - 0),-0.5
(,"It would be a shame if Tommy Lee Jones and Robert Duval ever see this movie as they will probably be associated with it in years to come. ""Oh yeah""),-0.5
(,"Jay Craven's criminally ignored film is a sober breath of fresh air in the generally narcissistic and derivative world of independent film. First off),-0.5
(,"Kurt Russell (as Steven Post) works as a mail-boy for struggling TV station UBC (that's United Broadcasting Corporation); he is going nowhere at work),-2.0
(,"Now I get it. The title refers to each audience member's immediate post-reaction after 68 minutes of mental torture. Trying too hard to be terrifying),-1.0
(,"One of the worse gay-related movies I have ever seen. Since these are not characters in this story it's hard to comment on the actual film. Therefore),-2.0
(,"Plot: an amorous couple decide to engage in some extra-marital hijinks in a flashy car. They then become stuck (literally) in a Compromising Position),-0.5
(,"So the wife and I just finished it despite several threats from both of us to turn it off. For the most part boredom was the worst part of this movie),-2.5
(,"The plot of this movie is set against the most terrible war in history of mankind: the violent clash between Adolf Hitler's Germany and Soviet Russia),-2.5
(,"This movie about a group of small town teens that decide to rob the local bank is excellent. Brian (Justin Walker) wants to get out of his small town),-2.0
(,"This son of a son of a sequel was terrible to say the least. You would think that production would be better 10 years after the original was released),-0.5
(,"This was obviously the worst movie ever made...ketchup was the starring role in this movie and would be the only nominee for an award..cause the plot),-3.0
(,"Want to watch a scary horror film? Then steer clear of this one. There's not enough beer in the world to make this film enjoyable.<br /><br />However),-0.5
(,"What the F*@# was this I just watched? Steven STOP!! Please! This movie is insatiably bad and silly. In a bizarre departure from action and adventure),-1.0
(,"Writer/Director Michael Hurst's Sci-Fi Channel sequel to Stan Winston's classic horror tale of revenge gone awry has its moments and some decent gore),-2.0
(,"""Der Todesking""-Jorg Buttgereit's second full-length feature film(the first one was notorious ""Nekromantik"")has no central character or characters),-1.5
(,"""The Yoke's on Me"" is undoubtedly the most controversial film in the Stooges' 23 years of shorts. The reason is understandable; by today's standards),-2.0
(,"****SPOILERS**** Buried under a mountain of medical bills and his funeral business not being able to dig him out from under them undertaker Vito Lucia),-1.0
(,"A wasted effort. On the surface it's a typical disaster movie: we're involved in the lives of a few people who get caught up in the Big Event. However),-2.0
(,"An illegal immigrant resists the social support system causing dire consequences for many. Well filmed and acted even though the story is a bit forced),-1.25
(,"At times when I watch this movie i start to think that the people who made this movie were on drugs.What's wrong with this film I'll tell you Bad Plot),-2.0
(,"David Arquette is a young and naive home security alarm<br /><br />salesman taken under the wing of Stanley Tucci. Arquette is a<br /><br />golden boy),-2.0
(,"First of all sorry for giving even a rating of 1 to this movie (nothing less than this available). The film fails in every department be it screenplay),-1.5
(,"Guys and Dolls is a movie itching for a remake. It was made forty-eight years ago. Its two main stars are either dead or 409 pounds. Although a remake),-3.0
(,"Hey Arnold! is a slow-paced and slightly boring movie. The plot is not very creative. The Paul Sorvino character (Shenk) is buying all of the decrepit),-3.0
(,"I for one was very anxious to watch this movie.<br /><br />Though I knew it was going to be another type of movie in the style of Revenge of the Nerds),-2.0
(,"I lack cable-vision and no longer have ""DirecTV"". So being a rural resident I have to wait for DVD releases. Being a lover of blondes but not blonds),-1.5
(,"I was REALLY disappointed with this movie. I had heard some great reviews about it and unfortunately missed seeing it in theaters. As a result of this),-0.3333333333333333
(,"If there is one film which is the worst of this year- it's TASHAN The first promo gave an indication that the film will be a boring Dhoom 2 style film),-3.0
(,"It was a disappointment to see this DVD after so many years. For me the main problem's the uneven script.<br /><br />While some of it is witty and hip),-2.0
(,"It's Bad for Ya really showcases more of George Carlin's talents. He really is still as sharp as a tack. It is a shame that we lost him this past year),-2.5
(,"Okay I marked this spoiler so don't be upset when I wrap this up. Now I went into the movie expecting to see a very predictable movie. And I was right),-2.0
(,"Perfect for families with small children who are looking for lighthearted films that contain no violence and are enthralling for the child and amusing),-1.0
(,"This is bad movie. There is no denying it as much as I'd like to. Tommy Lee Jones is about as good as he possible can be with the script they gave him),-0.2
(,"This is one of the most stupid and worthless movies ever. It really does not qualify for movie status. It is VERY cheap (apparently shot on videotape)),-2.0
(,"This is your typical junk comedy.<br /><br />There are almost no laughs. No genuine moments. No memorable lines. No scenes where you think to yourself),-1.0
(,"This might quite possibly be the worst movie I have ever seen. I knew it was a B-movie before watching it (it was actually the reason for watching it)),-3.0
(,"To all the haters out there: condemning a TV series with one episode is like judging an entire book after reading the first few pages. That being said),-0.5
(,"What a bloody nuisance! You can't get on subjects like these with TV budgets and some smartass director who can't tell the difference between a Lanc I),-0.5
(,"What could have been an engaging-and emotionally charged character study is totally undermined by the predictable factor. Fox is OK as Nathaniel Ayers),-2.5
(,"`It's as if this town has the power to suck your brain right out of your head.' -Patti<br /><br />Patti (Christina Ricci) is a sarcastic teenaged girl),-2.5
(,"... and how they bore you right out of your mind! The Crater Lake Monster is one of the classic BAD films from the 70's made with no actors of any note),-1.5
(,"After seeing this film I feel like I know just a little bit more about the USA. David Lynch is synonymous with shock value and weird for weirdness sake),-0.6666666666666666
(,"An Eko-centric episode the ""?"" explores the aftermath of the tragic events that rocked the castaways in the previous one. As the main characters John),-2.0
(,"Anyone who doesn't like this film is one who is afraid to explore his or her own demons. This film does make the viewer a little uncomfortable at times),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I couldn't keep from commenting after reading the very short ""Not bad"" commentary. This movie is much better than just not bad. The acting is stellar),-0.5
(,"I don't even know where to begin on this one. ""It's all about the family."" That has to be the worst line of dialogue ever heard in a ""horror"" movie),-3.0
(,"I saw the movie as a child when it was released in the theater and it was so bad that it became the makings of a family joke. If the ranking had a zero),-3.0
(,"I'm getting a little tired of people misusing God's name to perpetuate their own bigoted view on the world. Well I don't dismiss the idea of Armageddon),-2.0
(,"It was 1974 and it starred Martin Sheen.<br /><br />That alone says what to expect of this movie.<br /><br />And it was a movie. According to the movie),-2.0
(,"It's rare to see film that strikes out in every aspect but ""Caligula"" surely must hold this title. I'm not sure what is more horrendous; the violence),-2.0
(,"It's sad to view this film now that we know how the ANC got shafted by international capitalism. Biko died for nothing much. Woods achieved little. Yes),-2.5
(,"Larry Burrows has the distinct feeling he's missing out on something. Ever since he missed a crucial baseball shot at school that cost the championship),-1.0
(,"Now I don't hate cheap movies. I just don't see why you should waste any money for a movie you could shoot with your dad's camcorder. If I rent a movie),-1.6666666666666667
(,"The cast alone tells you this will be a notch above the usual Italian western. Veteran actors Robert Ryan and Arthur Kennedy team up with Alex Cord who),-2.0
(,"The only reason I even watched this was because I found it at my local library (and will berate them mercilessly for having wasted public monies on it)),-2.0
(,"The original GRUDGE (the original American remake) surprisingly pulled off just about everything you could do right with a ghost flick. It had suspense),-1.0
(,"This film always hits me hard emotionally at the end. Though the issues of the film - interracial romance and adultery - were controversial at the time),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This is a docudrama story on the Lindy Chamberlain case and a look at it's impact on Australian society. It especially looks at the problem of innuendo),-2.0
(,"This is a typical college comedy and its very average. The story is OK but not very entertaining. Its about a unlucky guy named Reno who looses his job),-1.0
(,"This is definatley one of the best stand-up shows evre. EVER. Eddie is so off the wall that I've been watching this damn show for nearly five years now),-0.5
(,"This movie is a bad memory from my childhood. This is one of those movies that they show kids on a rainy day at school when you can't go out for recess),-2.0
(,"This movie sucked. From beginning to end it was predictable. There was absolutly no chemistry between Pearce and the Mumba chick. The plot went nowhere),-1.0
(,"Will there be please coming an end to hyping movies that are dealing about social conflicts or other human disasters? Okay ""Care"" is about childabuse),-0.5
(,"""Curse of Michael Myers"" is a very frustrating piece to deal with for a fan of the Halloween series. After a very disappointing letdown in Halloween 5),-0.3333333333333333
(,"""Death Promise"" is a lost 70's exploitation gem and deserves to be seen. Technically somewhat of a mess and boasting a stock of amateur New Yawk types),-2.5
(,"""Escape from Hell"" is not made with enough artistry to disguise what it is: crass exploitation. The direction and writing are both sloppy: for example),-1.0
(,"""I'll Take You There"" tells of a woebegone man who loses his wife to another and finds an unlikely ally in a blind date. Unlike most romantic comedies),-1.5
(,"""Tart"" is a pathetic attempt at film making which wanders around and among a bunch of Manhattan teens exploring all the usual teen preppie stuff...sex),-2.0
(,"'Ninteen Eighty-Four' is a film about a futuristic society in which the government controls everything and no one can be trusted. It is a very dark film),-1.0
(,"A series of painfully unfunny skits that seem to go on forever and a day. Not as mind-numbingly awful as say ""Freddy Got Fingered"" or ""Lost Reality""),-3.0
(,"Absolutely awful movie. Utter waste of time.<br /><br />background music is so loud that you cannot understand speech. Well if you really listen closely),-2.0
(,"For 50 years after world war 2 the United States was in a state where key segments of the economy were dominated by military interests. At the same time),-2.0
(,"I fail to see the appeal of this series (which is supposed to be sci-fi). It's really just ""let's see what soap operatically happens this week"" and oh),-2.0
(,"I have never been one to shy away from saying that most action films just plain do nothing for me. Most times they are blatant vehicles to blow stuff up),-1.0
(,"I really refused to see this movie. I refused to go with the school and I refused to go with my parents. Just by looking at the trailer it looked stupid),-2.0
(,"I swear I could watch this movie every weekend of my life and never get sick of it! Every aspect of human emotion is captured so magically by the acting),-2.0
(,"I'd like to think myself as a fairly open minded guy and it takes a lot(!) for me to dislike a movie but this one is without a doubt one of the suckiest),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) is having problems in her marriage and otherwise--enough to see a psychologist. When her promiscuity gets her into trouble),-2.0
(,"Lorne Michaels once again proves that he has absolutely no business producing movies.<br /><br />You'd think that after such dismal flicks ""Superstar""),-1.5
(,"Someone should tell Goldie Hawn that her career as a teen-age gamin ended thirty years ago. <br /><br />This is one of the worst films released in years),-3.0
(,"This film broke a lot of ground and receives on the whole a lot less credit than it's due. It touches on a topic that is ever-present in our daily lives),-1.0
(,"This is the funniest stand up I have ever seen and I think it is the funniest I will ever see. If you don't choke with laughter at the absolute hilarity),-2.0
(,"This movie is about the crew of a spaceship who crash land onto a strange bright planet with three suns. Among the passengers is convicted serial killer),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This movie was amazingly bad. I don't think I've ever seen a movie where every attempt at humor failed as miserably. Let's see...the acting was pathetic),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This series is set a year after the mission to Abydos in the movie Stargate. It explains a lot of the stuff that the movie neglected to mention. Such as),-2.0
(,"""Happy Days"" was produced and broadcast from the mid-1970's to the early 1980's and seems to get more ridiculous with age. At the time of its broadcast),-3.0
(,"After I've seen this movie I find it hard to understand why so many people seem to hate this movie. I'm not saying it belongs in the top 250 of all times),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Alien was excellent. Many writers tried to copy it. They all did a bad job (or almost). But Dead Space is the worst Alien copy. Because of the bad actors),-3.0
(,"Dumb is right: Tom and Jerry reach their goal of a non-stop air flight to Africa but then worry about mixing in with the natives. They put on ""blackface),-1.0
(,"Ever want to see a movie where Chuck Norris takes the bad guys aside and calmly discusses with them the errors of their ways until they see the light and),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Felt mine was while watching this...but it seems that is the reason for insanity running in the family in this film. Not that makes a lot of sense anyway),-2.0
(,"Hollywood now has officially gone too far and I really hope that this travesty of a motion picture creates a genuine backlash against their crap machines),-1.0
(,"I am uncertain what to make of this misshapen 2007 dramedy. Attempting to be a new millennium cross-hybrid between On Golden Pond and The Prince of Tides),-1.0
(,"I generally LIKE watching Burt Lancaster's films--especially when he is needed to go nuts with his imposing screen presence like in Elmer Gantry. However),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I have to admit that by moments I had to laugh at how bad that movie was... But the laughs were too few and since this whole thing was in no way a parody),-0.6
(,"I thought this movie was really good. It ends up showing the viewers in the end that Leila should of kept what she had. Leila was sick of her husband Jim),-2.0
(,"I'm still new to the Krimi genre and the only one I've seen prior to seeing this one was the earlier and somewhat disappointing 'The Dead Eyes of London'),-2.0
(,"I've read some of the comments about this film and can only surmise that some people are easily entertained. This movie is nothing. It's so badly written),-3.0
(,"I've spent quite a while going through all the reviews for this film. I'm in total agreement with almost every reviewer in saying that Noah's Ark is crap),-1.0
(,"If you are looking for a film the portrays the pointless and boring existence of middle class lives caught in a web of non-communication and false ideals),-3.0
(,"It's a shame that this piece of work wasn't acknowledged as a piece of work. It has everything a historical film must have: a serious historical research),-2.0
(,"It's made in 2007 and the CG is bad for a movie made in 1998. At one part in the movie there is a stop motion shot of a dinosaur that actually looks good),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Jeffrey Combs is an insane scientist whose stem cell research has morphed into a diabolical scheme to create a hybrid hammerhead shark humanoid life form),-2.0
(,"Just what the world needed-another superficial cookie-cutter Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen movie. This movie gives out horrible messages to girls everywhere),-3.0
(,"Let's get it clear from the start: I am an asshole with the emotional sensitivity of cubic stone. Therefore I consider dramas of people with disabilities),-1.5
(,"Rented it last night. The opening(2001) ran WAAAAAAAAAY too long. The hitchiker scene served no purpose. Some skits were just retarded. I knew beforehand),-1.0
(,"So many of these types of movies out these days. This zombie flick falls into the major ""cheese"" category unlike the far more polished dawn of the dead),-3.0
(,"The above seemed a much more appropriate title when me and my suicidal underlings decided to watch this masterpiece of modern bullshit <br /><br />Erotic),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The latest film by the Spanish director Agusti Villaronga is a study on how children that experience violence and isolation within their remote community),-3.0
(,"This film was released in the UK under the name Blood Rites. It was banned outright and never submitted again for release.<br /><br />As The Ghastly Ones),-2.0
(,"This is a hard show to watch. It's not something to sit back and relax to. It kept me on the edge of my seat for several seasons. People get screwed over),-1.5
(,"This is one of those movies that's difficult to review without giving away the plot. Suffice to say there are weird things and unexpected twists going on),-1.5
(,"This is the worst movie I have seen for years! It starts ridicoulus and continues in the same way. I thnik when is something going to happen in this film),-3.0
(,"This movie came as a huge disappointment. The anime series ended with a relatively stupid plot twist and the rushed introduction of a pretty lame villain),-0.5
(,"This movie is about a female rape victim/comic book writer from New York that decides to get away from all that awful big city glamor and move to a dirty),-2.0
(,"This movie is unworthy of the Omen title. It is so bad that it has actually damaged the classic nature of the first three. It never should have been made),-2.5
(,"This movie was a mess. It had the absolute worst editing I have ever seen. It was almost like at the end of a scene the writer wanted to go to commercial),-0.5
(,"This was bad enough. I really hope that there is no sequel. Maybe that is giving away part of the plot to let you know that it is open to the possibility),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This was one of the most boring movies I've ever seen I don't really know why Just your run-of-the-mill stories about guy who is about to get married),-3.0
(,"Thunder Alley finds Fabian banned from NASCAR tracks after causing the death of another driver. Stanley Adams might want to put him on his team of racers),-1.0
(,"Unbelievable!<br /><br />this film gets a 7 out 0f 10. This has to be one of the worst films i have seen in years. not only was the acting incredibly bad),-3.0
(,"this movie is sooooo bad that it forced me to create an account with IMDb just to warn others about it.<br /><br />i have been using IMDb for a long time),-2.0
(,"""The Vindicator"" is a weird little Canadian B-Movie. At first glance it would appear to be just another cheap (extremely cheap!) ""Terminator"" knockoff),-2.0
(,"A girl is showering unknowing that a serial rapist is staring at her through the skylight. Detectives Martin Manners and Orville Stone is hot on his trail),-4.0
(,"A less-than-subtle poke at the beliefs and teachings of the Catholic Church is given a darker shade of death near the end of the show. Throughout the show),-2.0
(,"A spoiler.<br /><br />What three words can guarantee you a terrible film? Cheap Canadian Production. THE BRAIN fits those words perfectly. Terrible script),-1.0
(,"A very carelessly written film. Poor character and idea development. The silly plot and weak acting by just about the ensemble cast didn't help. Seriously),-1.5
(,"As the film begins a narrator warns us THE SCREAMING SKULL is so terrifying you might die of fright--and if such happens a free burial is guaranteed. Well),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Eric Roberts ""stars"" in this Tommy Lee Thomas debut prison film. He plays the leader of a corrupt ring of guards. Though evil by most people's standards),-2.5
(,"Here he is. A new horror icon for the new millennium. Better than Freddy. More dangerous than Jason Vorhees. More evil than Michael Myers. Hard to believe),-3.0
(,"I am sad to say that I disagree with other people on this Columbo episode. Death Lends a Hand is frankly kind of a boring Columbo to me. After a few times),-1.0
(,"I had eagerly awaited the first screening of this film ever since it was given to me on DVD at Christmas. Having reserved a special slot for it last night),-1.0
(,"I hated it. I hate self-aware pretentious inanity that masquerades as art. This film is either stupidly inane or inanely stupid. After the first half hour),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I just came back from ""El Otro"" playing here in Buenos Aires and I have to say I was very disappointed. The film is very slow moving (don't get me wrong),-2.0
(,"I used to work in a video store. I saw this title in the horror section and took it home as a free rental one night.<br /><br />This movie was truly awful),-1.0
(,"I want to preface this review by saying that I have no idea what ""Begotten"" is truly about. All I really know is that in the beginning God kills himself),-1.0
(,"I was pleasantly surprised by the depth of story and character development. Fulci was a master at creating horrific atmosphere using inventive camera work),-3.0
(,"I'm glad I never watched this show when it came out.<br /><br />I just wondered why it lasted 4 years. It reminds me of the terrible 80's with fake people),-1.0
(,"Michael Bowen plays an innocentish young man who hitchhikes a thousand miles to visit his absentee millionaire father (the creepy Ray Wise) at a sprawling),-1.0
(,"Pity the Monkees. People always accused them of being manufactured (which they were) or being nothing more than a American knock-off of the Beatles (Again),-2.0
(,"STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning <br /><br />Ray (Ray Winstone) has a criminal past),-3.0
(,"Stupidly beautiful. This movie epitomizes the 'so bad it's good' genre of films. <br /><br />The only two talents in it are Richard Boone and Joan van Ark),-3.0
(,"Teenager Eddie spends his life being bullied and humiliated due to his obsession with heavy metal music. One day he finds out his hero Sammi Curr has died),-1.5
(,"The Howling II starts as it means to go on with a bizarre and surreal opening narration by Christopher Lee whose image is imposed over a moving star field),-1.5
(,"The child actor certainly deserves a lot of credit. It was a pretty weak field for Best Picture that year. I think ""Apocalypse Now"" should have taken it),-0.5
(,"There is a reason why Jay Leno himself will not acknowledge this film. It consistently ranks as one of the worst films of all time. The acting is horrible),-3.0
(,"There's nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets. It's just that some are better than others. This is very poor. The acting is awful),-1.0
(,"This has to be one of the most outrageously stupid movies I have ever seen in my entire life. Just when I think I have seen the stupidest scene in history),-2.0
(,"This is a truly abysmal `LOCK STOCK' clone with a stellar cast and a terrible script. I have no idea why so many top British actors signed up to this junk),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is an extremely-powerful based-on-a-true story film that can be infuriating to watch. I say that because how brutal a hounding press can be to people),-2.0
(,"This is one of the worst films I have seen in a while.<br /><br />The problem is that it doesn't know whether it wants to be an intelligent political film),-1.0
(,"This is simply another bad Chuck Norris movie. Norris plays a cop on the trail of a twisted serial killer of women. He put the guy away three years before),-3.0
(,"This movie is about as underrated as Police Acadmey Mission to Moscow. This movie is never funny. It's maybe the worst comedy spoof ever made. Very boring),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This movie was amazing. Never before have I seen such a film that brought me to the harsh reality of drug use quite like this one. There is no glamorizing),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie was bad but it was so bad that it may reach cult status in the distant future. A sort of film-noir meets Plan 9 From Outer Space. The story was),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This movie was horrendous... It had absolutely nothing to do with Dark Harvest. And the DVD was very misleading because it showed a scarecrow and a scythe),-3.0
(,"Three delinquents disturb the tomb of an ancient warlock who after summoning Jack-O (a less then menacing pumpkin-headed figure) to dispatch said hoodlums),-2.0
(,"Two things are always signs that you`re going to be watching a bad movie :<br /><br />1 ) If you`re instantly reminded of other movies like THE TERMINATOR),-0.5
(,"Very low-budget police procedural film about homicide detectives trying to solve the murder of a woman whose body turns up in a stolen car in Central Park),-1.0
(,"save your money. i have been a fan of fullmoon productions for a long time and i have never seen them make a movie as bad as this. the casting is terrible),-0.25
(,"A boring movie about a boring town in the 50's. How can anyone think this is a classic? The producer pretty much ended his career by pushing his girlfriend),-1.6666666666666667
(,"B Movie? Yes. DIY? Yes. First Movie? Yes. But Aestheically A+. This movie definitely had some bad sound/editing/lighting/acting/etc. etc. problems. However),-3.0
(,"Bergman´s tale about how the hell of the war can drive a sensible couple of musicians to the barbarousness. With many memorable scenes throughout the film),-3.0
(,"FORGET CREDIBILITY<br /><br />You must not expect credibility with action movies where the superhero has to perform an endless string of unbelievable feats),-1.0
(,"I always have a bit of distrust before watching the British period films because I usually find on them insipid and boring screenplays (such as the ones of),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I'll be brief: I normally hate films like this venomously ... but there is just something about this one that just draws me in and won't let me go. Granted),-0.5
(,"I'm disappointed that Reiser (who wrote the film) felt the need to use so much profanity for no reason whatsoever. Maybe that's his idea of ""adult"" films),-1.5
(,"Imagine a woman alone in a house for forty five minutes in which absolutely nothing happens. Then this goes on twice more. The writing is flat and lifeless),-2.0
(,"Is there a fire fighter cliché that is NOT used in this film? From the opening line ""I'm getting too old for this"" through the ""antics"" of the firemen),-2.0
(,"It was like someone was trying to make a scary video game and a documentary at the same time. The historical aspect was great. Everything else was horrible),-1.0
(,"Joel Schumaker directs the script he co-wrote and has a group of Georgetown grads confronted with adult life situations. The story line is a scrambled mess),-2.0
(,"Let this serve as a warning to anyone wishing to draw attention to themselves in the media by linking their name to that of a well-loved and well-respected),-1.0
(,"Michael Caine has always claimed that Ashanti was ""the only film (he) did purely for the money"" as well as ""the worst film he ever starred in"". Hold on),-3.0
(,"Nacho Vigalondo is very famous in Spain. He is a kind of bad showman who can make you feel sick... Very embarrassing. Nacho had made some commercials in TV),-0.5
(,"Overall it was a watchable movie. I didn't pause it or stop it to come back to it--a clear sign of a boring movie--so it passed the first test. Best of all),-1.0
(,"Patsy Kensit and some random Australian bloke star as a duo of wannabe tough coppers in the middle of investigating a series of art-gallery related murders),-2.0
(,"So it might not be entirely historically accurate. And there is little or no real character development. But for Jake (son of Ridley) Scott's first attempt),-1.0
(,"The first point that calls the attention in ""For Ever Mozart"" is the absence of a plot summary in IMDb. The explanation is simple since there is no story),-1.0
(,"The story is very trustworthy and powerful. The technical side of the movie is quite fine.. even the directing of it. The main problem is with the castings),-2.0
(,"This has got to be the funniest movie I have seen in forever. Chritopher Guest is truly talented. He has a gift for humor. I almost died laughing. Actually),-0.5
(,"This movie is banned in just about every foreign country I can think of. The Japanese people (?) who star in this must have been really desperate for a job),-2.5
(,"This soap is worse than bad: it's poisonous. Of the many television shows that have had a corrosive influence on British society over the past twenty years),-3.0
(,"What a ridiculous waste of time and money!!!! This movie was the biggest loser of the year. All the hype was a warning. I am disappointed for Julia Roberts),-2.25
(,"What about DJ Cash Money??? This film fails in part by not covering the mid to late 80s. There was only a small mention of DJ Cheese in 86.<br /><br />Also),-2.0
(,"''Queen of the Damned '' is one of the worst adaptations of a book to a movie that I already saw. The only thing that I like in this movie is the soundtrack),-0.5
(,"Apparently Hollywood is just handing out money to anyone with a camera and the ability to speak. This movie was mind numbingly bad. The casting was terrible),-0.5
(,"At least for me. I have been following the career of Mr. Almdovar since the beginning and I was not crazy about this film. I think Penelope Cruz was miscast),-2.0
(,"Boring as hell and kind of a chick flick.<br /><br />It's the story of a neurotic woman who struggles with the concept of marriage as a business arrangement),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Elvis Presley plays a ""half-breed"" Native American (""Indian"") who has to defend his reservation from nasty business tycoons. Everyone likes to get drunk),-1.0
(,"Even though some unrealistic things happen at the end (i.e. a cop shooting a gun into a crowded merry-go-round where any number of innocent could be killed)),-2.0
(,"First of all - I'm not one to go all sappy over movies. I saw Friends in the 70's when it was first released. I was about 17 years old at the time. Even now),-1.0
(,"For only doing a few movies with his life the Late Great Chris Farley. Farley died at the end of 1997 and will be missed mostly by his co actor in Tommy Boy),-2.5
(,"I am shocked to see that this movie has been given more than two stars by some people. They must either be kidding or be totally blind for the art of acting),-1.5
(,"I cannot say enough bad things about this train wreck. It is one of the few movies I've ever been tempted to walk out of. It was a bad premise to begin with),-3.0
(,"I caught this movie at a small screening held by members of my college's gaming club. We were forewarned that this would be the ""reefer madness"" of gaming),-3.0
(,"I give ""Flashdance"" a lowest rating of 1 out of 10 because it's nothing more than a series of music videos with a movie short surrounding the music videos),-1.0
(,"I made a big mistake going to see this film. That's the lottery of going to see films I guess. After five minutes you just knew it was going to be a clunker),-0.5
(,"I originally watched 8 simple rules on the Disney channel UK for the first series and got completely hooked. When they didn't show it any more \ was annoyed),-2.0
(,"In a way this is the disaster Fellini has been working towards all his life. The line between absurd masterpiece and free association bullshit is very small),-0.25
(,"It's hard to write 10 lines of copy about this so-so film noir. There just isn't a lot to say about it. It is not memorable enough to add to your collection),-1.0
(,"It's possible that A Man Called Sledge might have been done irreparable damage on the cutting room floor. Maybe someone will demand a director's cut one day),-1.5
(,"Michael Bassett's film 'Solomon Kane' (based on the character of the same name created by Robert E. Howard) is a disappointing Fantasy Action-Adventure film),-2.0
(,"Native Chief's son is wrongfully accused for the death of his father. The evil Witch Doctor orders to execute him. He then comes back as a murdering tree(!)),-2.5
(,"Not a bad concept.I just wish they had taken it in another direction. Its a movie that tries to be interesting by shocking you with bestiality to begin with),-0.5
(,"One of the weaker Carry On adventures sees Sid James as the head of a crime gang stealing contraceptive pills. The fourth of the series to be hospital-based),-0.5
(,"Some sciencey people go down in a cave for some reason and there's some sort of creature that's killing them.<br /><br />I usually give a more detailed plot),-3.0
(,"The Man with Bogart's Face sets it self up to mine the viewers nostalgia for the late 30's-late 40's film era. It fails miserably for several reasons. First),-2.0
(,"The Order starts in Rome where the head of a special order of priests who deal in ghosts & demons named Brother Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti) is found dead),-3.0
(,"The dancing was probably the ONLY watchable thing about this film -- and even that was disappointing compared to some other films. My gawd!<br /><br />To me),-2.0
(,"This film is strictly for fans of Debbie Reynolds and Eddie Fisher.<br /><br />I get angry at TCM for showing this mess more frequently than Bachelor Mother),-2.5
(,"This film takes place in the 1950s. According to this the dead (called zombies) have arisen to eat the living. However a company has developed a collar that),-3.0
(,"This is a film that left me breathless........ wanting to learn more of the Afghan history and traditions. With todays ""evil doer"" mantra clouding reality),-3.0
(,"This is a slow moving story. No action. No crazy suspense. No abrupt surprises. If you cannot stand to see a movie about two people just talking and walking),-2.0
(,"This is by far the worst film i have ever seen it has next to no plot and the plot it does have is very scattered. The story line is lacking in both content),-2.0
(,"This movie is about a group of four friends who wreck a car while driving. They build a campfire to get though the night and wait for help. To pass the time),-2.0
(,"This movie is complex and interesting in so many ways. It is a non stop plethora of emotion and taboo subjects. Sex and love. Women's emotional abuse of men),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Those familiar with the two previous Cube films pretty much know what they can expect: a small group of people trapped inside a bunch of booby trapped rooms),-1.0
(,"Unbelievable. ""Philosophy"". ""Depth"". ""Genius"". ""Masterpiece"". People must have seen another ""Oldboy"" because the one I've seen was a badly written),-3.0
(,"Well it certainly stunned me - I can not believe that someone made another Australian film that's even more boring than Somersault. The story is implausible),-2.5
(,"Whoa boy.<br /><br />Ever wanted to watch a documentary about a megalomaniacal jerk ruining his own life and alienating everyone around him? Well they exist),-2.5
(,"Yes this movie features a gal named Jessica who says everything is evil and she causes trees to land on people too (well she only causes a tree to fall once),-3.0
(,"""The Secret Life"" starts with the worst possible narrative intro: ""The crimes committed by Jeffrey Dahmer are too horrible to make a film about..."". Okay),-1.6666666666666667
(,"*spoliers* do not read any further if you haven't seen this movie<br /><br />Picking up after the depressing ""Phantasm II"" ended; The Tall Man kidnaps Mike),-2.0
(,"A handful of nonprofessional actors are terrorized by a prehistoric creature. This creature appears in about thirty seconds of marginal stop-motion animation),-3.0
(,"A story of amazing disinterest kills ""The Psychic"" over and over again. The characters and plot are completely uninteresting (as is Fulci's mad camera work),-0.6666666666666666
(,"A stupid show in the vein of the rest of them with terrible music and a laugh track that must be from I Love Lucy. I got rid of TV because of shows like this),-0.5
(,"Clearly an hilarious movie.<br /><br />It angers me to see the poor ratings given to this piece of comic genius<br /><br />Please look at this for what it is),-1.0
(,"Debbie Vickers (Nell Schofield) and Sue Knight (Jad Capelja) want to become one of the cool girls in their high school. Uncool and ugly girls had two options),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Even though an animated film it really bored everyone under at least 6.<br /><br />As a grown up who grew up in an area with wild horses and native americans),-2.0
(,"Have I seen a worse movie? No I can't say that I have. This was pathetic. If the director is still alive: 1. He shouldn't be. 2. He should be ashamed. 3. God),-3.0
(,"I almost called HBO and demanded my money back for the month just because they've been airing this movie. I can just see the movie execs sitting around going),-1.0
(,"I can't remember the worst film I have watched.Total waste of actors and audience time.If you prefer sitting by your TV and think when will be this film over),-2.0
(,"I just watched this movie for the first time after finishing the book last week. What's the problem here? Folks admit that the performances are great--I mean),-1.5
(,"I really enjoyed this movie and it was a little difficult do that when your brother is making stupid comments in it ever 30 seconds. But this movie I enjoyed),-1.5
(,"I sat (uncomfortably) through this film becoming more and more staggered at just how it got made at all. The script itself makes the acting look embarrassing),-2.0
(,"I'll keep this one quite short. I believe that this is an extraordinary movie. I see other reviewers who have commented to the effect that it's badly written),-3.0
(,"In this flame of emotion we are introduced to several different high-school youngsters during one eventful day at school. All of them struggle with belonging),-2.0
(,"Let's just say it in simple words so that even the makers of this film might have a chance to understand: This is a very dumb film with an even dumber script),-0.5
(,"Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer is a very lost player in the short cartoon market. This market is essentially dominated by the Looney Tunes and the Merry Melodies shorts),-3.0
(,"Most italian horror lovers seem to hate this movie since because it has no connection to the first two Demons films. And with the ""Demons III"" in the title),-2.0
(,"My question is what was the worst element of this movie? Was it the acting? directing? script?. Maybe it was the waste of Alan Ladd and Jack LaRue. LaRue and),-2.0
(,"REALLY??? <br /><br />I am truly amazed to see the glowing reviews here! <br /><br />This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is one big pathetic),-0.5
(,"So I had heard from a few people that this film had brought them to tears in the theater. As I watched it for the first time I was expecting another romantic),-2.0
(,"The Korean War has been dubbed Americas's forgotten war. So many unanswered questions were buried along with the 50 thousand men who died there. Occasionally),-2.0
(,"The exploding zeppelins crashing down upon 'Sky Captain' Jude Law's base present an adequate metaphor to describe how truly terrible this movie is. First off),-1.0
(,"The final installment sees Sho Aikawa and Riki Takeuchi (looking cooler than ever in his reversible overcoat!) pitched against each other for one last battle),-1.0
(,"The title of this obscure and (almost righteously) forgotten 80's slasher inevitably reminds me of The Cure's mega-smash-monster hit song with the same title),-1.0
(,"This film is a wonderfully simplistic work. Enjoyable from start to end it is both sad yet uplifting at the same time. The performances from Miranda Otto (oh),-2.0
(,"This is by far one the most boring movies I've ever seen! And if you don't believe me go ahead and watch it for yourself.<br /><br />The movie starts of slow),-3.0
(,"This is horrible even for a TV movie. I can't believe it took three people to write this movie. I am not familiar with the novel on which this film was based),-0.5
(,"This is the one movie to see if you are to wed or are a married couple. The movie portrais a couple in Italy and deals with such difficult topics as abortion),-1.0
(,"This movie was like a gathering of people that had been in other movies and they decided to make a really bad movie. It had a dude from ""Detroit Rock City""),-0.5
(,"Was in the mood for a French film and saw this at Blockbuster. What a little gem it turned out to be! Not sure how I missed Gregori Derangere all these years),-2.0
(,"Why this movie has all but disappeared into obscurity is an absolute crime. ""Conan"" is perhaps the only Sword and Sorcery movie better. The brutal violence),-2.0
(,"this was the most pointless film i have ever seen as there was no plot and the actors did not seem to care. 90% of the film had absolutely no plot whatsoever),-1.0
(,"""House of Dracula"" isn't all that bad of a film and is rather decent at times.<br /><br />**SPOILERS**<br /><br />Arriving at the home of Dr. Franz Edelmann),-3.0
(,"A thinly veiled attempt to push Hulkamania to the film going non-wrestling fan. What could be worse than Hogan in the movies? Bad actors in the wrestling ring),-3.0
(,"After reading the other reviews for this film I am of the opinion that the high markers are probably paid studio lackeys as the film I saw was absolutely dire),-3.0
(,"An Asian blowgun assassin takes out victims in Niagara Falls and New York City before getting run over by a car. Sheila Morris (former Miss Sweden Janet Agren),-3.0
(,"An insane assault on viewers senses. This is a mish-mash of assorted Hindi and English movies - poorly done. The name carries over from a 70s' multi star cast),-2.0
(,"Edward Dmytryk directed this shadowy movie about a murder investigation involving demobilized military personnel. Robert Young gets to lecture us about hatred),-2.0
(,"I caught the last half of this movie on cable one night and was struck by just how morbid it was. Even when one of the two victims is at his most deteriorated),-2.0
(,"I enjoyed Albert Pyun's ""Nemesis"" for its cheesy action and semi-complicated script. A lot of people complain about the ""confusing"" plot to the first film),-2.0
(,"I first saw this one afternoon in the 80's on network T.V. I think I was like 9.(Picture seeing a violent horror flick nowadays on regular television). Anyway),-0.5
(,"I heard so much about this movie how it was a great slasher and one of those early 80's movies that die hard fans of most slasher movies just had to see. Well),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I will never forget the utterly absorbing effect this show had on me when I saw it for the first time. From the moment that the Major is startled by the Clown),-1.5
(,"Not quite a bomb? The only thing missing was the enriched uranium. Actually the script ""may"" have worked if the lead roles had been cast with younger actors),-2.0
(,"OK so after watching this invigorating movie and wasting an hour and so many minutes off my life here is the basic summary: Genie comes out of ghetto boom box),-2.0
(,"SPOILERS FOLLOW - and I haven't even seen it.<br /><br />Let me guess... the murder is related to the evil property developer wanting to develop the riverside),-2.5
(,"Spoiler!!! This movie is based on the concept of What If? Of course Mr Destiny will be able to answer this question. The main character goes through a bad day),-3.0
(,"The lament and almost unbearable melancholy of Amalia Rodriques' music goes to a place in the soul that only music can stir. In her voice and magical presence),-2.0
(,"The plot it's not so original. If someone saw ""L'ultimo Bacio"" there's nothing new. A wealthy family in Rome living everyday life that's is boring and false),-0.5
(,"The primary aspect of this film which most people miss is that Luhzin lives his life as a chess game. So many people have seen this film and just don't get it),-2.0
(,"There's a certain irony in a parody of the Gothic genre being turned into a mess of clichés by filmmakers who either had no idea what the story's purpose was),-0.75
(,"This is like a school video project and a propaganda film that puts the whole class as well as the teacher to sleep.<br /><br />Utterly boring long silent(yes),-0.5
(,"This movie could only originate in the 1970's!! It's a bizarre action movie set in a small California workers town. Some sort of mill or plant is closing down),-2.0
(,"This movie is a bad attempt to make original fans feel complete. The one thing people have forgotten is the fact that the reason the original won such acclaim),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie is really nothing besides an admittedly well-crafted series of tense sequences punctuated with an inevitable ""gotcha!"" at the end of each. Really),-2.0
(,"tell you what that was excellent. Dylan Moran is simply the funniest actor on screen( and on stage) and with Micheal Caine as your partner ain't to bad either),-3.0
(,"this film is really bad....... no i mean really really bad. Tony Scott is a terrible director. out of all the films he has made i only like enemy of the state),-1.0
(,"A deliciously nasty black comedy about a middle-aged schlub (Danny DeVito) who wants to bump off his mother and hatches a plan to do so with a bitter divorcée),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Avoid this one! It is a terrible movie. So what if it is very exciting? All it is is just pointless murders. And the whole thing with Thorn and Michael's curse),-2.0
(,"First of all.....<br /><br />What the hell? Why in the world are they trying to sell a low budget piece of crap on late night TV with the promise of disturbing),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Forget what I said about Emeril. Rachael Ray is the most irritating personality on the Food Network AND all of television. If you've never seen 30 Minute Meals),-3.0
(,"Given that a lot of horror films are based on the premise that one or more of the central characters does something stupid at some stage during the proceedings),-2.0
(,"Hee hee hee. This movie is so bad that it doesn't even try to hide the fact that it sucks big time. I remember the day I first saw this on MST. Sun was shining),-1.5
(,"I admit to being somewhat jaded about the movie genre of a young child softening the heart of his/her reluctant guardian. I've seen enough of them  Baby Boom),-1.0
(,"I had a VERY hard time sitting through this film. Unless you really are very pro-adultery and like to hear people ENDLESSLY talking about their sexual exploits),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I rated this a 3. The dubbing was as bad as I have seen. The plot - yuck. I'm not sure which ruined the movie more. Jet Li is definitely a great martial artist),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I really enjoyed the film. It was really cheesy at times. (They destroy the villain with hair driers--but where are they plugged in?) It's a unique film though),-3.0
(,"I rented this movie because I was browsing through the horror movie section for those movies that no one's heard of and could be a possible gem. I saw this and),-1.0
(,"I watched the first few moments on TCM a few years ago but stopped after about 15 minutes. I saw it listed on the schedule at the Stanford Theatre in Palo Alto),-1.0
(,"I've seen the original non-dubbed German version and I was surprised how bad this movie actually is. Thinking I had seen my share of bad movies like Ghoulies 2),-0.75
(,"Mostly uninvolving biblical mumbo-jumbo that drags on for well over two hours. The only thing that saves this film from God's wreath (and there is only one God),-1.0
(,"Murder and insurance fraud take an adulterous couple to ""the end of the line""...<br /><br />TV was visually vulgar back in the early 1970s and this truncated),-4.0
(,"Poor Michael Madsen; he must be kicking himself to know folks have found out about this horrible flick. I really can't think of anything worse I have ever seen),-3.0
(,"This could have been the best game ever!! But the game makers just screwed up after 3 assassinations and the ending!! This is a combination of Prince Of Persia),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is a film notable for what is not shown as much as for what is. What IS shown is the incredible poverty in Sicily as the 19th century gave way to the 20th),-1.0
(,"This is a road movie. At least the movie is in yellow anf I think that suggests a road movie (?). I can't say much positive about The Delivery. It's bad acting),-0.5
(,"This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad. I really lost it with those out of the blue not so ""special effect"". Guys),-3.0
(,"This movie basically uses spousal rape as one of its main comedic devices. Now I turned it off at the point when he literally ties her to the bed and rapes her),-4.0
(,"This movie is so dull I spent half of it on IMDb while it was open in another tab on Netflix trying to find out if anyone thought it was one of the more boring),-2.5
(,"This must be one of the most overrated Spanish films in history. Its lack of subtlety and complexity and its total political correction make it really childish),-2.0
(,"This short was the first short released by Paramount Famous Studios and was one of several done by the studio showing Popeye engaged directly against the enemy),-2.0
(,"This very unfunny failed TV Pilot can be found as an extra on the 30th Annivesery DVD Special Edition ""Blazing Saddles"". Imagine the movie without the satire),-2.0
(,"Towards the end of this thriller Ally Sheedy's gaunt latter-day image is used creatively to make up more than one hauntingly evil image. She convinces one that),-1.0
(,"What is this crap? My little cousin picked this out obviously for the overly girlie DVD art and title... I decided to watch it with her so she didn't get bored),-2.0
(,"Where to begin? How about with the erroneous synopsis: <br /><br />""X-Men Origins: Wolverine tells the story of Wolverine's epically violent and romantic past),-2.5
(,"this movie had me stuck in this endless loop of thinking about it for days afterward...granted i am not the movie snob that some folks around here appear to be),-2.0
(,"A film without conscience. Drifter agrees to kill a man for a mobster for money. Then they double cross him. Meanwhile he falls in love with the dead man's wife),-0.5
(,"A group of tourists are stranded on Snake Island after an unfortunate accident with their boat. They are forced to spend the night and as you probably suspected),-1.3333333333333333
(,"A much undervalued film that tells the story of a young musician caught in an ever-declining spiral of domestic violence.<br /><br />At times difficult to watch),-1.0
(,"A stupid teen supposed comedy that revolves a serious of misunderstanding including (but not limited to) a hooker being confused with a foreign exchange student),-1.2
(,"An obscure horror show filmed in the Everglades. Two couples stay overnight in a cabin after being made a little uneasy by the unfriendliness of the locals. Who),-2.0
(,"At the beginning it was almost a shock to see Norma Shearer without her makeup. Then she glamorizes herself and becomes the life of the party.<br /><br />Anyway),-2.0
(,"Comparisons to the original series are inevitable. It's a shame Diana Rigg left the original show in the 1960's due to mistreatment on the part of the producers),-2.0
(,"Everyone does things that they later regret. Things that they wish they could blame on drugs or alien possession. Things that although seem rational at the time),-0.5
(,"I always liked listening to Buddy Holly and felt a real loss when he was killed at a young age in an airplane crash. He wasn't in the old rock 'n roll class of ),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I am currently watching this movie and I have absolutely no hesitation in reviewing it now. The acting is ridiculous. Half the cast must be retired porno actors),-1.0
(,"I just saw this movie last night at a midnight sneak preview screening (I work for an independent theatre chain in Colorado - it's one of the perks)...I'm sorry),-1.0
(,"I probably have to blame myselfbut I sure as hell expected more from a movie that goes by the title ""Black Dragons"" and revolves on secret WWII conspiracies),-3.0
(,"I read somewhere that Hollywood should concentrate on remaking bad movies and leave the classics alone. We can only hope. While this remake wasn't a total waste),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I thought ""Intensive Care"" was quite bad and very unintentionally funny. But at least not as bad as I thought it might be. Sometimes it's somewhat suspenseful),-3.0
(,"I would have given this LESS than a 1 rating if it were possible. The entire film should have been left on the cutting-room floor. What a pathetic waste of time),-1.5
(,"I'm not the type of person to watch T.V. shows because the acting normally sucks or it's unrealistic or TOO dramatic! But this show is perfect. Everyone can act),-3.0
(,"It's a soap-opera drawing upon an applied ethics idea. A movie about human suffering and death is not necessarily a good movie. I didn't get any emotion from it),-0.3333333333333333
(,"It's rare for a movie to both encompass the process of problem solving and a fantastically far-reaching moral quandary AND be a fairly accurate historical movie),-0.5
(,"Many horror fans complain that horror has scarcely progressed in the last twenty years. I was inclined to agree with this until the influx of Asian horror films),-0.5
(,"Riotously cheesy lunacy about lava spewing from the La Brea tar pits in Los Angeles. Even if you attempt to suspend disbelief by ignoring this ludicrous premise),-1.0
(,"The Brain That Wouldn't Die is one awful piece of film that stinks from the opening credits. It's got all the classic signs of being bad: unbelieveable plotline),-3.0
(,"The story of Ed Gein is a disturbing and terrifying story. Ed was truly a messed up character and his legacy went on to inspire such 'greats' as The Tooth Fairy),-0.6666666666666666
(,"There are many illnesses born in the mind of man which have been given life in modern times. Constant vigilance or accrued information in the realm of Pyschosis),-2.0
(,"These two men went thru hell and beyond and have produced the movie that conveys the terror that many did not survive. This is definitely a movie about survival),-3.5
(,"This is probably the most uninvolving film I've ever seen. I watched it because I have a soft spot for Leon (everything else Besson has done has been just awful),-3.0
(,"This movie doesn't even have the saving grace of being so bad that its good. It is truly appalling. Its closer to a tongue-in-cheek parody than a disaster movie),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This movie is one of the worst ones of the year. The main characters have no chemistry and the acting is horrible. Paul Rudd is the only one that has any talent),-2.0
(,"This was a shockingly bad movie and I literally gasped the first time seeing the Blue Screen puppets. Imagine the worst Blue Screen special effects you ever saw),-3.0
(,"Those reviewers who have complained that this movie lacks plausibility or has problems of construction are missing the point. This is a wonderfully camp romance),-1.0
(,"What annoys me with so called 'science' programs such as these is that it is presented as if it were a FACT that dinosaurs live 'millions' of years ago. Firstly),-2.0
(,"A very comical but down to earth look into the behind the scene workings of an Australian bowling club. The way they deal with various problems such as takeovers),-2.0
(,"As far as I am concerned this silent version of The Merry Widow is the worst version ever made. There is no tenderness or love or spirituality about this version),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Astronaut Steve West (Alex Rebar) and his comrades undertake a space mission that sees them flying through the rings of Saturn. His comrades are killed instantly),-3.0
(,"At the end of the film I just asked myself :""is it the worse movie I have ever seen or is it the worse movie I have ever seen ?"". And the answer is... Actually),-3.0
(,"CRYSTAL VOYAGER is a strange documentary about an eccentric surfer living in Australia. An American by birth George Greenough has surfed and photographed himself),-1.0
(,"Charlotte's deadly beauty and lethal kicks make the movie cooler than it'd be otherwise.The story is so poor and Charlotte's character dies in such a foolish way),-2.0
(,"First love is a desperately difficult subject to pull off convincingly in cinema : the all-encompassing passion involved generally ends up as a pale imitation or),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I am a 20 year old bloke from England. I don't cry at films. But this one moved me. I cried like a girl! This is absolutely the most moving film I have ever seen),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I provided location services on the this film every Sunday we would shoot in London's Berkeley Square. David Niven ever the gentleman thoroughly enjoyed the role),-1.0
(,"I saw a version of this in a 4 DVD Mafia collection put out by Brentwood and I have to admit that it was a good film. The quality was a little worse for the wear),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I saw this when I was 17 and haven't seen it since. The 'CBS Late Movie' used to show it on a regular basis at one point. I remember how sad and upsetting it was),-2.0
(,"I wandered into Blockbuster with a friend the other night having decided that we were too broke and too lazy to do active. She decided she wanted to watch Closer),-1.0
(,"I'm afraid that you'll find that the huge majority of people who rate this movie as a 10 are highly Christian. I am not. If you are looking for a Christian movie),-0.5
(,"John Carpenter's career is over if this sad excuse for a movie is any indication. His excuse is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact),-0.5
(,"Nothing I dislike more than a kung-fu movie that plays for laughs. It is the main reason I can't stand Jackie Chan (or his lookalikes). He was not always a clown),-2.0
(,"Nothing new is this tired serio-comedy that wastes the talents of Danny Glover and Whoopi Goldberg. Considering that this was produced by the stars and Spike Lee),-2.0
(,"Private Practice is supposed to be a medical drama. So I guess my biggest complaint is the lack of originality in the medical story lines. Just by watching House),-2.0
(,"Simon West's remake of the 1979 horror classic is a pathetic attempt to bring old school thrills to a contemporary audience. Starring talented teen Camilla Belle),-2.0
(,"The Brighton has a traumatic drama in the breast of their family: the twenty years old Emily Brighton (Taylor Roberts) is retarded due to a fall when she was one),-2.5
(,"There's a lot going on in The College Girl Murders. A mad scientist creates an almost undetectable poisonous gas. Before he can reap the rewards of his discovery),-0.5
(,"This had to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen and I'm 64 years old and a football fan. I went expecting to see a football movie. About 10 minutes into it),-3.0
(,"This is possibly the worst film I have ever seen. What a weak waste of Michael Imperioli's obvious talent. Disgusting film from start to finish. All I can say is),-2.0
(,"This may not be the very worst movie Peter Sellers ever did (I think that laurel goes to ""The Prisoner of Zenda"") but it is surely the most depressing. Sellers),-3.0
(,"This movie has some of the worst production values and editing I've ever seen. There are several instances of actors pausing while trying to remember their lines),-3.0
(,"Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) get tired of competing for who is the bigger f***-up and who Daddy (Albert Finney) loves more),-2.0
(,"Ultimately too silly and pointless. Yes there is the gilded cage metaphor but probably most kids would miss that. Forgettable. Instantly.<br /><br />Animation is),-1.5
(,"Yay!... I think. It's hard to say. It's hard to have an emotion about a movie that has no emotion. This movie is as sterile as a surgeon's scalpel. For a setting),-1.0
(,"`Stanley and Iris' is a heart warming film about two people who find each other and help one another overcome their problems in life. Stanley's life is difficult),-0.3333333333333333
(,"i can't believe how dumb this movie truly is. the storyline (written by keira knightley's mother) is what ruins the movie to the extreme. it is straight out dull),-1.5
(,"""Proximity"" tells of a convict (Lowe) who thinks the prison staff is out to kill him. This very ordinary film is an action/drama with a weak plot; stereotypical),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Another film to punish us for the crime of enjoying ""Pulp Fiction.""<br /><br />If you like watching people get killed by machine gun fire for an hour and a half),-1.0
(,"Don't Look in the basement is actually a very clever and well thought out exploitation flick that gets a bad rap because of its cheap quality and bad acting. Sure),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Extremely thin 'plot' of satanic rituals or some such mumbo-jumbo provides the hokey excuse to thread copious amounts of sex scenes together. Straight vanilla sex),-1.0
(,"Glenn Ford is hired by a crooked bank owner and wily stable owner Edger Buchanan to stage a fake robbery while the banker hides the real loot. With Ford a no-show),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Hopalong Cassidy with a horse who is not white & not named Topper? Go figure!<br /><br />This travesty does a gross injustice to the greatest of all cowboy heroes),-0.2
(,"I am sorry to see that SURFACE has not been picked up for the NBC 2006-2007 season. I guess market demand for inane game and reality shows on broadcast television),-1.0
(,"I did a screen test and read the script for this turkey in 1988. It was awful then and even worse now - I spotted it on VHS at the local HollowWood Video and said),-3.0
(,"I have to admit that I went into Fever Pitch with low expectations. It's no huge revelation for me to say that Jimmy Fallon's last movie (Taxi) was Catwomanly bad),-1.0
(,"I occasionally let my kids watch this garbage so they will understand just how pathetic the show's ""contestants"" are. They are pathetic not because they are fat),-2.0
(,"I saw this movie when it came out when I was 17 years old and into classic rock (still am)... <br /><br />I never liked opera before because I hate soprano voices),-0.5
(,"It's hard for me to criticize anything that Mitzi Kapture does. She just radiates beauty and grace on the screen and is a phenomenal actress. That notwithstanding),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Jack Black is an annoying character.This is an annoying indie movie for 14 year olds.Do I have to write eight more lines?Ana de la Reguera is dang fine to look at),-0.6666666666666666
(,"So I was sick with the flu one Saturday and the silver lining was that SciFi Channel was having a marathon of dinosaur movies that day - the ""Carnosaur"" trilogy),-2.0
(,"Superhero Movie (2008) is the most recent in the long line over ""parody"" movie movies which I despise so much. I wish this movie could be the death of the genre),-0.5
(,"Suzumiya Haruhi no yûutsu (The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya) might at a first glance make you think that this is just another animated school comedy/drama. Well),-1.0
(,"The action was episodic and there was no narrative thread to tie the episodes together and move the story forward. The plot plods along. With few exceptions (e.g.),-1.0
(,"The copy of this movie that I have seen is not very good. It's grainy and has almost no color in some parts. It switches back and forth between English and French),-1.0
(,"This is by far the worst version of William Shakespeare's tragic masterpiece I have ever seen. It seems the filmmakers didn't actually read Shakespeare's text. No),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie was probably the biggest waste of my life ever. The acting was pathetic. Jordan Hinson could not show any upset emotions. At the beginning of the movie),-1.5
(,"Whether you want to spend nearly 2 hours of your life watching this depends how you like your horror movies. If you like them so god damn awful they're hysterical),-0.5714285714285714
(,"at the story. It is reality mixed with Americana- and very original.<br /><br />Emily Grace is a young girl tired of her boring life working at a minimum wage job),-2.5
(,"""Inuyasha "" was awful . This show was incredibly over -hyped but this is nothing but a tedious bunch of anime clichés. The characters are annoying and lifeless ),-2.5
(,"***SPOILERS*** For some strange reason Oliver Stone's ""Talk Radio"" based on the Stephen Singular book ""Talked to Death"" and the films star Eric Bogosian's play),-1.0
(,"1st watched 1/1/2003 - 3 out of 10(Dir-Henri Verneuil): Sober drama about a well-to-do Doctor who gets into trouble carrying on a relationship with a younger woman),-2.0
(,"A variation of the same plot line was used in a Simon & Simon episode (Thin Air) that originally aired in Dec 1982.<br /><br />The gender of the victim was changed),-3.0
(,"All the bare chested women in the world couldn't keep me from hitting the stop button about a third of the way through this awful rubbish. With the derisory acting),-2.0
(,"Be warned by the line on the back of the box that promotes a story involving ""over sexed jocks"". There isn't a thing redeeming about Carrie 2. The plot is absurd),-0.5
(,"Dolelemite (1975) is a cult classic. Starring Rudy Ray Moore as the pimp superhero out to wrong rights whilst challenging the MAN along the way. He has two enemies),-2.0
(,"Drew Barrymore keeps seeing her alter-ego all over town and it's really starting to become a pain in the butt.<br /><br />After Dee rents a flat from a hack writer),-2.0
(,"Fantastically putrid. I don't mean to imply above that only a few people should avoid ""Doc Savage."" Almost every demographic group would be bored by this trivial),-1.5
(,"I can't even begin to imagine why everyone hates this movie so much. It had me literally crying with laughter several times (""I trust you slept well?"" ""actually),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I don't give much credence to AIDS conspiracy theories but its sociologically interesting to see the phenomenon dramatized. In the early years of the AIDS epidemic),-0.5
(,"I had no real expectations going into this movie and I'm glad. Even if I had expected it to be bad I would have been disappointed.<br /><br />Where to start? First),-2.0
(,"I view probably 200 movies a year both at theaters and at home and I can say with confidence that this movie is by far the worst I have seen this year (If not ever),-0.5
(,"It is hard to judge 'Imaginary Heroes' without referring to the fact that director and script writer Dan Harris is only 25. You can hardly believe seeing this film),-1.0
(,"It was the first action movie made in banned in USSR Hollywood action style. It is not even close to the Hollywood action movies of that time. The plot is childish),-2.0
(,"Seriously. This is one of the most stupid family shows of all time.<br /><br />Plot- A family without a mother and 3 ""dads"" raise 3 little girls in San Francisco),-2.0
(,"Stay Alive is a bland horror movie about a video game that kills people the same way they die inside the game. The friends that play this game soon figure this out),-3.0
(,"The film is almost laughable with Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters teaming up as the mothers of convicted murderers. With the horrible notoriety after the trial),-3.0
(,"The peculiar charisma of Martin Kosleck brings a certain believability to his character of the frustrated artist. He imbues his dialog with an odd sense of realism),-1.0
(,"The story takes place on the streets of Sao Paoulo in Brazil where a young boy named Pixote grows up alone without his parents. Left troubled and with no direction),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This clunker of a film sets a new standard for bad filmmaking. Jared Rushton gives an adequate performance of a very poorly-created character in an ill-fated movie),-1.0
(,"Those of the ""Instant Gratification"" era of horror films will no doubt complain about this film's pace and lack of gratuitous effects and body count. The fact is),-1.5
(,"Very Slight Spoiler<br /><br /> This movie (despite being only on TV) is absolutely excellent. I didn`t really pay attention to the differences in looks or accents),-1.0
(,"What was the worst movie of 2003? ""Cat in the Hat?"" ""Gigli?"" Mais non! I propose that it was this atrocious little film from earlier in the year. Badly written),-3.0
(,"Zarkorr is one bad movie. This doesn't even rate in the so bad its good category. It's just bad. From the (lack of) set design to the acting to the special effects),-1.25
(,"""Demons III: The Ogre"" is not related pre-sequel are on ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2 are cool hip horror 1980 classic.""Demons III: The Ogre"" is very stupid),-0.5
(,"""One True Thing"" puts Zellweger in the midst of a family crisis as an adult journalist who returns home to care for her dying mother (Streep). Somber and plodding),-0.5
(,"A scientist on an island is in deep sorrow about the loss of his son who died of kidney cancer. So he thinks: why not turn my dead son into a hammerhead shark. Well),-2.75
(,"Another comedy about a plucky little country struggling through the jungle of the modern (for the forties) global world with only native wit and pluck to guide them),-0.5
(,"Extremely poor action film starring the ever wooden Dolph Lundgren and Brandon Lee trapped in a sidekick role that never seems to gel. The action is at best average),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Frankie Muniz plays Jason who is a high school student. His biggest problem is his life is built on small or big lies that puts him into trouble most times. However),-1.0
(,"Human Traffic is without a doubt the most original and compelling film that I have seen for a long time. It documents 2 days in the lives of a group of young people),-1.0
(,"I downloaded this movie yesterday through an internet site the Quality was kinda good! I was watching the movie with high expectations (though i knew it was a flop)),-2.0
(,"I have this film out of the library right now and I haven't finished watching it. It is so bad I am in disbelief. Audrey Hepburn had totally lost her talent by then),-3.0
(,"I registered with IMDb.com just so i could comment about this movie. My god what a steaming pile of horse crap this was! It shouldn't even be touted as a real movie),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I remember this film as the other person that commented said. I recorded over it but wish I had it now just because it had to be one of the worst movies ever. Funny),-1.0
(,"I rented this film thinking it was the sobbingly sad 1959 version I saw as a kid. It was not. I was therefore very disappointed with what I felt was marginal acting),-2.0
(,"I wouldn't say this is a bad movie; in fact it's pretty typical of the type of film that the ""poverty row"" studios were releasing at the time. Filmed for Monogram),-1.0
(,"Saying this movie is extremely hard to follow and just as frustrating to sit through is putting it very mildly. Also saying that the current available print is dark),-1.5
(,"Surprisingly enough does movie does have some redeeming quality in it when it moves toward its end. For the other part this movie is being a really bad and lame one),-2.5
(,"The film begins with people on Earth discovering that their rocket to Mars had not been lost but was just drifting out in Space near out planet. When it's retrieved),-3.0
(,"The only reason I watched the movie till the end was the ""hope"" to see something interesting. The movie is really bad and the performance of the girl it is really),-0.5
(,"This is a really bad waste of your time. I would probably rather go watch some documentary than this; it's really that bad.<br /><br />The acting is really terrible),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This is the worst imaginable crap. The novel by H. Rider Haggard is very entertaining and dramatic. The makers of this worthless movie don't follow it closely. Well),-0.25
(,"This movie lost me with the crossbow RPG (rocket-propelled grenade). It was like someone cut and pasted a scene from Robocop. I half expected Beowulf to say exclaim),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This unintentionally amusing mid-80s TV movie is based on the premise that sex bomb Donna Mills (in a mostly appalling wardrobe throughout) is a neglected housewife),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Uuuuaaa! Barf! Yuk! Yuk! Disgusting! Puke City! Worst piece of junk ever made. Sick. Weird. Horrible. Enough said. Hold your nose. Don't eat. After seeing this sick),-2.0
(,"What an awful show. Science Fiction fans seem to watch anything anymore regardless of quality. It shocks me that something exceptional like Firefly lasts one season),-1.0
(,"What happens when you give a free man just enough money to trap him into the rat race and watch him squirm? Homeless people answer to no one. They have no mortgages),-0.5
(,"""Pecker"" proves that Waters has no intention of changing his tacky ways in his old age. A lot of things have changed since Waters started making films in the 1960s),-1.0
(,"...but it'll make you wonder if we had any in the first place! This movie is just as bad as any of today's horrible horror. A man goes around ogling semi-clad ladies),-3.0
(,"Aro Tolbukhin burnt alive seven people in a Mission in Guatemala in the 70's. Also he declared that he had murdered another 16 people (he used to kill pregnant women),-1.0
(,"Every now and then some amateur will come out with a tired piece of action film making. this one is just so wrong I don't think i even need to comment about the plot),-2.0
(,"I caught this movie right in my eye when I was passing by a hall of posters in the nearby cinema. The tag line was sort of confusing and immediately after reading it),-2.0
(,"I hate films about sports. I guess the pre-fabricated Hollywood sports film is a bit tough for me to swallow because it follows the most identical of ideas each year),-3.0
(,"I never bothered to see this movie in theaters although I remember hearing the name over and over. I finally watched it this week and what a delight. For some reason),-2.0
(,"I saw this movie (unfortunately) because it was the only option at that time and because David Zucker was the director. I saw his previous ""Naked gun"" (both parts)),-1.0
(,"I should say right away that I checked the spoilers box only because I'm giving this comment the amount of thought proportional to what this mess of a movie deserves),-2.0
(,"I think ""category 6: day of destruction"" was very unrealistic. The digital effects where like a children's cartoon. <br /><br />The actors didn't act realistically),-0.5
(,"I think this is one hell of a movie...........We can see Steven fighting around with his martial art stuff again and like in all Segal movies there's a message in it),-1.0
(,"I thought it was an excellent movie. Gary Cole played the role of a military man who feels trapped and unhappy with his wife who fakes his death fabulously! Over all),-1.2
(,"I thought this would be funny. I did. I don't know what happened. But I think a lot of the problem unfortunately falls with the casting. I don't know who this kid is),-2.0
(,"It's hard to find an outright bad historical drama that's based on the life of any number of British monarchs. Just take a well respected British or Australian actor),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Let me break down this film for you...<br /><br />The first fifteen minutes are a showcase for terrible special effects. I'm not one to nitpick about special effects),-3.0
(,"OK i own this DVD i got it new at amazon... i mean i think its badass and a pretty cool flick and melissa bale the slutty/bitchy girl they pick up is hot as hell ...),-1.25
(,"Quite possibly one of the greatest wastes of celluloid of the past 100 years. Not only does it suffer from a painfully (and enormously predictable) disjointed script),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Rarely does one find a movie so bad that it achieves the often-sought paradigm of having so little redeeming value that that alone makes it worth watching. ""Cyclone),-1.0
(,"The Biggest one that bugs the hell out of me is that they say Zues takes DUTCH commands. But she is speaking German to him. The 2 languishes are completely different),-4.0
(,"There are three main problems with the film. Or rather there are three reasons why it isn't even a contender worthy of more serious consideration.<br /><br />Firstly),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This HAS to be my guilty pleasure. I am a HUGE fan of 80's movies that were designed to entertain and they didn't care if they offended anyone. This move has no meat),-0.2
(,"This crap is like watching paint dry. I'm so disappointed because I was so eager to see it.<br /><br />There simply is no meaning to this film. If it were never made),-0.4
(,"This is a typical low budget 1970's mess. It's supposed to be a docudrama about a crew hunting Bigfoot through the Pacific Northwest. Every character is a stereotype),-2.0
(,"What a dreadful film this is. The only reason you would want to sit through this mess is the pleasurable sight of Miss Eleniak. The painful overacting of Mr McNamara),-1.3333333333333333
(,"What can I say? I ignored the reviews and went to see it myself. Damn the reviews were so right. What a waste of money considering it's budget.<br /><br />Good thing),-1.5
(,"""Shinobi"" is one of those movies that thinks the mere act of killing off a character automatically brings a sense of gravitas or emotion to the story. Unfortunately),-3.0
(,"""Tenchi Muyo In Love 2"" is the third Tenchi movie. It seemed that its creators took elements from the first two to make this one. At the risk of giving out spoilers),-2.0
(,"""Western Union"" is something of a forgotten classic western! Perhaps the reason for this lies in the fact of its unavailability on DVD in the United States. However),-1.0
(,"'1408' is the latest hodge podge of cheap scare tactics. The kind that might make date-movie styled horror fans occasionally jump in their seat and scream in your ear),-0.6666666666666666
(,"'Til There was You is one of the worst films we've ever seen. It fails in every respect. Jeanne Tripplehorn was better (as an actress...) in Waterworld. In comparison),-1.0
(,"Anyone familiar with my reviews on the Internet Movie Database will know that I can be a grumpy bastard from time to time. There are a lot of films I don't like which),-1.5
(,"Bergman and comedy don't quite go together. Some of his comedies are so naff you almost wince. This film has the odd naff moment - the last 30 seconds being the nadir),-0.5
(,"Claire Denis's movies seem to fall into one of two categories: the violent and bloody or the quiet and intimate. ""L'Intrus"" definitely falls into the first category),-3.0
(,"Dark Angel is a cross between Huxley's Brave New World and Percy's Love in the Ruins--portraying the not too distant future as a disturbing mixture of chaos and order),-2.0
(,"I can clearly see now why Robin Hood flopped quickly. The first episode of it is probably the worst ever thing BBC has aired. The opening scenes were about as intense),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I can't express enough just how bad this film was. First of all what a waste of some legendary stars although they are quite old and pretty unconvincing. Fred Astaire),-1.0
(,"I have seen this movie a number of times and find it very compelling and sad. The lack of real emotion from most of the characters is very disturbing. They seem empty),-1.5
(,"I have yet to watch STARCRASH (1979) - that notoriously cheesy Italian take on STAR WARS (1977) - but it can't be much worse than this misbegotten piece of junk which),-3.0
(,"I lay the blame for The Comebacks on anyone who enjoyed Date Movie and Epic Movie. You people encouraged the Fox studio to keep on churning out desperate parody films),-1.0
(,"I really tried to give this film a chance but when I realized that most of the film was being told by a bunch of boring officials walking around and talking on phones),-0.5
(,"I wasted 5.75 to see this crappy movie so I just want to know a few things:<br /><br />What was the point of the dog being split in half at the beginning of the movie),-0.5
(,"I'm biased towards any movie that paints a luxuriant picture of Italy - in my opinion the most romantic country in the world. Unfortunately the movie was rather short),-2.0
(,"It is not known whether Marilyn Monroe ever met and spoke with Albert Einstein (and since the mysterious disappearance of her diary after her equally mysterious death),-2.0
(,"Leslie Nielsen hits rock bottom with this absolutely horrible comedy that is the worst mainstream film that I have ever seen. There is nothing to like about this film),-0.75
(,"Prince of Central Park (2000) is so utterly bad. It was a pure waste of my time and I can't believe I actually watched the whole thing. Please do not watch this movie),-1.0
(,"Prison is set in Wyoming where work on a new prison has hit a problem so the state board decide to re-open an old state penitentiary that has been closed for 20 years),-2.0
(,"Prom Night is about a girl named Donna (Brittany Snow) who is being chased by a psycho killer trying to kill her at her prom night. And by doing so killing her family),-3.0
(,"Such a long awaited movie.. But it has disappointed me and my friends who had gone to see the movie on the first day.. From the trailers it looked like a action movie),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This sad little film bears little similarity to the 1971 Broadway revival that was such a 'nostalgic' hit. Keep in mind that when Burt Shevelove directed that revival),-2.0
(,"This show is awesome. I thought that the two episodes where Paul died were so sad; I actually cried. But the other shows were awesome; Kerry was my favorite character),-0.5
(,"What a stupid idea. Ewoks should be enslaved and tortured. Utterly useless as a species... Fine you want ten lines of text regarding my unending hatred of Ewoks? Fine),-1.25
(,"What movie is this??? A horrible movie with the old boring concept of infidelity which has already been achieved by the ""Bhatt camp"". The movie starrs EMRAAN HASHMI),-3.0
(,"`Manna From Heaven' is a delightfully compelling film.<br /><br />Within the shifting paradox of values in middle-class Americans from 40 years ago to the present day),-1.0
(,"""People stranded in a country house during a storm discover that the home was the sight of an unsolved murder years before. During a dinner discussion of the incident),-2.0
(,"11 years after this film was released only 5 people have reviewed it here on IMDb. There is a reason for this utter lack of interest in Across the Moon. It is coherent),-0.5
(,"As other reviewers have noted the film dies in the last 1/2 hour. However before that it suffers from predictability and a stunningly vapid performance by Kate Capshaw),-2.0
(,"Attractive Marjorie(Farrah Fawcett)lives in fear after being accosted by a lone biker. She is mortally shaken with the fact her attacker knows her address. As expected),-2.0
(,"Disney-like entertainment with some un-Disney-like moments of graphic violence and sexual references. Lousy comedy alongside cliché-ridden moralizing. Noah as Abraham),-1.0
(,"Dustin Hoffman's debut feature isn't as bad as it's reputed to be; a Spanish/Italian co-production filmed in Italy with the director using the pseudonym ""Dan Ash""(!)),-3.0
(,"Elephant Walk (1954) Starring an early Peter Finch as lord of the manor in some God-forsaken plantation where there is always the danger of elephants or mad Englishmen),-2.5
(,"I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses and I also work in an acute care medical facility. Over the years I have seen people die from hemolytic reactions to blood transfusions),-0.5
(,"I can't understand why many seem to hate this.<br /><br />This movie ties together many of the overlapping settings of the historical and Biblical epics of the fifties),-3.0
(,"I feel it is my duty as a lover of horror films to warm other people about this horrible and very very bad ""horror"" film. Don't waste your time or money on this film),-1.5
(,"I had no expectations when seeing the movie because I was seeing it with a bunch of friends and had no idea what it was. Some parts were silly and some parts were lame),-1.25
(,"I hate this movie. It is a horrid movie. Sean Young's character is completely unsympathetic. Her performance is wooden at best. The storyline is completely predictable),-3.0
(,"I have anticipated the various Sci-fi and thriller type movies this summer but was so disappointed about this particular film. While some people walked out of the film),-2.0
(,"I have seen a lot of bad films. Most of the time I can enjoy a crappy horror film for what it is. But this really takes badness to new extremes.<br /><br />It is bland),-0.5
(,"I just saw this early this morning on the Fox channel quite by accident (my dog woke me up) - I had seen it years ago and thought I remembered it fairly well. As a kid),-2.0
(,"I remember loving this show when I was a kid. I thought the helicopter was the coolest thing I've seen. It was ultra high-tech for it's time. It could repel enemy fire),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I saw this film while I was in France and I must say that it confused me. It is a story of a jewel thief and a young singer who each end up in Morocco at the same time),-0.5
(,"I'm usually disappointed by what the media dubs ""lesbian"" movies these days: murderous bisexuals; psychotic murderous lesbians; women who experiment with other women),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Just as Ted Kramer (Dustin Hoffman) is about to get a break in his professional life his frustrated wife Joanna (Meryl Streep) finally gets up the courage to leave him),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Only saw this movie late last night. I remember the hype of it's release and to be honest had I viewed it back then I maybe wouldn't have been so generous. I hate hype),-0.5
(,"Otherwise it is one of the worst movies I've ever seen - and I mean ever. My wife and I were both bored out of our minds within 10 minutes. Not to mention being boring),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Savage Island's raw savagery will scare the hell out of you! Trust me.<br /><br />When the boy of the estranged Savage Family is run over by some city slicker tourists),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Skeletons In The Closet takes the father-teenage son genre to new levels of low. This is a movie that serves no purpose. The plot is layed out in the first few minutes),-1.0
(,"The arrival of an world famous conductor sets of unexpected events and feelings in the small village. Some people are threatened by the way he handles the church choir),-2.0
(,"The movie was pretty bad. It's not so much a script problem. It's just that the movie is really boring in terms of pacing. The movie just seems to plod along at a slow),-1.0
(,"The subject of children being terminally ill is difficult and saddening but 'The Cure' successfully portrays the idea that it doesn't have to be all doom and gloom and),-1.5
(,"This flick is a waste of time.I expect from an action movie to have more than 2 explosions and some shooting.Van Damme's acting is awful. He never was much of an actor),-1.0
(,"This is easily one of the worst films I've seen in many years. I started viewing the film not expecting much and that is exactly what it delivered....not much! In fact),-3.0
(,"This is really terrible.<br /><br />The only redeeming feature about this movie is that the next time people ask me what is the worst vampire movie I have ever watched),-3.0
(,"This movie is one of my very favorites. It's hard to explain why. Maybe it's the innocence of Corin Nemec and his awkwardness paired with the boldness of Cheryl Pollak),-1.0
(,"This movie is so stupid it simply goes around the corner and becomes ridiculous. I wanted to watch ""Darkness falls"" actually and thought that this was the movie. Boy),-2.0
(,"What a bad movie. I'm really surprised that DeNiro and even Snipes would be associated with something like this. If you're going to make a movie that involves baseball),-0.5
(,"What the heck is this about? Kelly (jennifer) seems to drop all moral behavior as soon as she arrives to the island. She finds this Juan P (Manuel) existing and exotic),-1.0
(,"An actor's first film is usually something one can afford to miss - it's often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involved is truly on display),-2.0
(,"Clever psychosexual drama about a wounded Union soldier (Clint Eastwood) who seeks refuge in an isolated Confederate school for young women during the Civil War. Slowly),-1.0
(,"Don't listen to the misleading title ""Werewolf Woman"". The Europeans are well known for putting an emphasis on sex and nudity over actual scares in their horror films),-3.0
(,"Exceptionally silly actioner with braindead leads in a story which would have suited a fill-in issue of Spiderman. The action sequences never really flow as they should),-1.0
(,"Four stories about the drug trade in Europe become intertwined over the course of this 6 part miniseries. In Germany a businessman is arrested on drug smuggling charges),-2.5
(,"I concur with everyone above who said anything that will convince you to not waste even a briefest of moments watching this amazingly amateurish movie. Very poor acting),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I don't remember the last time I reacted to a performance as emotionally as I did to Justin Timberlake's in ""Edison."" I got so emotional I wanted to scream in anguish),-2.5
(,"I don't think I'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. I've been working on a list of my favorite war movies: ""The Longest Day),-1.0
(,"I have great memories of this movie...<br /><br />I was only 12 when it was released and it scared the bejesus out of me. I really miss my bejesus...<br /><br />Zombies),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I never heard of this film when it first came out. It must have sunk immediately. :o) I saw it on cable while sick in hospital so I hardly had enough energy to watch it),-2.0
(,"It's hard to believe that this is a sequel to Henry Fool. Hard to believe that the same director and actors were involved in both movies. While Henry Fool is refreshing),-1.0
(,"Okay...so i've seen a lot of really odd/unusual movies in my day. Fear and loathing in Las Vegas comes to mind when I think of that. Well not anymore...from here on out),-3.0
(,"POSSIBLE MINOR SPOILER<br /><br />It's not a terribly objective review but I just found this movie horribly depressing. Like a lot of Russell T. Davies'<br /><br />work),-3.0
(,"Spirit of a murdered high school geek animates a scarecrow which then takes revenge on everyone.<br /><br />This movie really annoyed me. It has a great looking monster),-0.3333333333333333
(,"The fire gives all...<br /><br /> This is one of film's most masterful meditations on artistry. Set in 19th century Korea it tells the story of the famous painter Ohwon),-2.0
(,"There isn't one decent scene.<br /><br />Amy Adams gives one of the worst performances of all time. Proof that you a can start anywhere. The guy playing Sebastian sucks),-3.0
(,"This is truly terrible: painfully irritating stylised performers screech and mug gratingly incoherent dialogues which take place in scenes which seem to have no purpose),-2.0
(,"This show uses a rather tired sitcom formula of the fat idiot blue collar slob with the pretty (and sometimes shrewish-seeming) wife and crazy in-law(s). With this show),-1.5
(,"this one is out there. Not much to say about it except that it deals with a rarely touched topic in films of beastiality. I can see why this film was banned for so long),-2.0
(,"usually a movie that starts bad stays bad in a monotonically descending pattern. This bad movie started to seem to get better before going into a steep dive. The acting),-1.75
(,"""Yagyu ichizoku no inbo"" (let's just say ""The Shogun's Samurai"") is somewhere between horrifically boring and mind-bogglingly painful to watch. As an historical epic),-2.0
(,"Disappointing and undeniably dull true-crime movie that has poorly cast character actor Jeremy Renner languidly mumbling his way through the title role of Jeffrey Dahmer),-2.0
(,"EXTREMITIES <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.85:1<br /><br />Sound format: Mono<br /><br />A woman turns the tables on a would-be rapist when he mounts an assault in her home),-4.0
(,"George Armstrong Custer is known through history as an inept General who led his rgiment to their death at the battle of Little Big Horn. ""They Died with their boots on),-1.5
(,"I just finished watching Dog Watch. I thought parts of the movie were hokey with more than a few implausibilities. The acting wasn't too bad and the plot wasn't bad. BUT),-3.0
(,"I saw this film a week ago and I had to persuade my friend to come with me because this film seems to be getting such bad reviews. Sure it is no 'Human Traffic' or 'Lock),-2.0
(,"I've been strangely attracted to this film since I saw it on Showtime sometime in the early 80's. I say strangely because it is rather a ludicrous bit of soft-core fluff),-0.3333333333333333
(,"In the last few years of Ron Miller's (son-in-law of Walt Disney cum Producer) reign he churned out live-action crap on a stick often starring the very boring Dean Jones),-3.0
(,"MY BROTHER TOM <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.85:1<br /><br />Sound format: Dolby Digital<br /><br />Following an episode of sexual abuse at the hands of a trusted neighbor),-0.5
(,"My mother forced me to watch this movie with her. She apparently will watch anything with a vampire counsel in it. I was bored throughout.<br /><br />At different points),-1.5
(,"Need I say--its a stinker! (I gave it a rating of 2)<br /><br />Only watch it if you suffer from insomnia.<br /><br />There's plenty of scenery chewing and hamming it up),-2.0
(,"Not good. Mostly because you don't give a damn about what happens to all these people. Some comments : 1. I am tired of seeing governesses who never talk to their pupils),-3.0
(,"So pathetic its not even funny. From the first scene in the movie I knew I was in for a bad time. Thank goodness I only saw this movie on tv. The story line was terrible),-1.25
(,"Some films manage to survive almost on originality alone - ""Wonderland"" is certainly one of those films. The script manages to throw everything into a near-fever pitch),-2.0
(,"Steven Seagal played in many action movies. Most of them were bad but not bad as The Patriot. This one is a Z-series action low-budget movie. After Operation Delta Force),-3.0
(,"Thank God I have fast-forward. I think this is a movie about a guy who rises and falls. Whatever: It's a stupid cliché. It doesn't make any difference. There's this guy),-2.0
(,"The Capture Of Bigfoot is one of the silliest and worst movies of all time. I love Sasquatch and Bigfoot movies but this one is just a sheer waste of one's time.Terrible),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This comes close to the worst movie I've ever seen. The writer starts you out in a way that you'll side with Jasper (Josh Hartnett). When he did absolutely nothing wrong),-2.5
(,"This filmmaker wanted to make a movie without having a story to tell -- and did so. Really awful jumble of unlikely/unexplained coincidences and unidentifiable plot line),-3.0
(,"This is a very strange product from Hollywood. Apparently it didn't test well because actors who have footage in the credits have been edited completely out of the movie),-1.0
(,"Warning Might contain spoilers<br /><br />i just sadly spent 5 bucks on this movie on amazon and i wish i never spent it. I have never seen suck horrible special affects),-1.75
(,"We purchased this series on DVD because of all of the glowing reviews we had seen here. I gave it three stars because there can be little doubt that sometimes the acting),-1.0
(,"Who ever came up with story is one sick person. I rented it for our slumber party sleepover and all six of us got freaked out cause we're all in an acting class together),-2.0
(,"Why do people make bad movies? Didn't anyone working on the picture know that what they were making had no point? There is something about this picture that threw me off),-2.0
(,"Why oh why can't anyone make a decent film out of a legendary tale? This is the second adaptation of ""Beowulf"" I've been disappointed with in a year. But I have to say),-2.0
(,"***BIG SPOILERS!*** ""Flesh Feast"" of 1970 is a more than unworthy conclusion to the great Veronica Lake's career. This has the wide reputation of being an awful stinker),-0.6666666666666666
(,"A really bad sequel. Part 1 had a lot of funny moments - part 2 is just bad (in a boring way) and obviously made to squeeze money out of the fans.<br /><br />Shame on you),-1.25
(,"Bela Lugosi as creepy insane scientist who uses orchids to woo brides in order to steal life essence for aged wife. The midget in this film is hilarious!! A lot of freaks),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Everyone who has ever wondered how to make a film on no budget should see this documentary. The determination of everybody portrayed in this project was very moving to me),-1.0
(,"I don't know why I'm commenting this stupid reality-show I happened to watch a few episodes of(a cable marathon broadcast when they aired 5 episodes in a row or something),-2.0
(,"I don't think any player in Hollywood history lasted as long as David Niven did given most of the weak films he had to carry by dint of his incredible charm. He could act),-2.0
(,"I have wracked my brain for another film that reminds me of this one. I really can't come up with one. I think it's because most of the films that take on this topic (war),-2.0
(,"I just saw this movie at the Berlin Film Festival's Children's Program and it just killed me (and pretty much everyone else in the audience)! And make no mistake about it),-1.25
(,"I sat through this film and i have to say it only just managed to keep my attention. The film would have been a bit more bearable if i did not have to watch the awful CGI),-3.0
(,"I'm afraid I only stayed to watch the first hour of this movie as it really seemed to me to be mindless TV-trash and a waste of talent. Liv Tyler plays a sumptuous beauty),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Its hard to decide where to begin.I bought this for a few quid and its the worst few quid Iv ever wasted. The back of the DVD had no pictures and a few lines plot summary),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Just finished watching this one after getting sick of getting ready for the Michigan Bar Exam. I wanted something that was mindless and that I could just sit back and say),-2.0
(,"Many of the American people would say...What??? to my opening comment. Yes I know that my comparison is without doubts an insult for the fans of the Master Akira Kurosawa),-1.5
(,"Others have commented on the somewhat strange video arrangements. I think they were trying to capture what you'd be looking at when attending a live performance. The feet),-1.0
(,"Swift's socialism and pacifism come through against all odds in this well done remake. (Did you know there is no hyphen after ""well""? Fact.) He meets warlike miniatures),-1.0
(,"The 3rd in the series finds Paul Kersey (Bronson) turning vigilante to get revenge on the thugs that murdered his old buddy. I don't know why this movie shoved me into it),-2.0
(,"The Coen's strike again. I had no presuppositions going in and I was amazed at the bizarre telling of a good-bad guy story. Although Clooney is easily replaceable in this),-0.5
(,"There is a lot wrong with this film. I will not lie. I will say that most of the problems feel like they stem from a budget that was chopped out from underneath the flick),-0.6666666666666666
(,"There is a reason why the world forgot these creatures: they are dull. This is a Hammer Production which means that whoever made this movie should be struck with a hammer),-1.0
(,"There is absolutely NO reason to waste your time with this ""film"". The original said it all and still holds up. Either read the book or do some research about the story),-1.0
(,"This film is justly famous as one of the most horrible examples of propaganda ever produced. The insistent equation of Jews with disease is simply<br /><br />pathological),-2.5
(,"This is easily one of the worst movies I've seen in a long long time (and I've recently seen Starship Troopers 2!!!). I could find nothing to redeem this film. The acting),-3.0
(,"This movie makes you think. It shows how a woman's weaknesses can result in nightmares for others. Her physically aggressive behavior is more often seen in men than women),-2.0
(,"This movie was an absolute waste of time. It's nothing but a wanna-be gangster movie. It contains a very predictable plot. My feelings are unsympathetic to the characters),-1.0
(,"This movie was terrible! My friend and I were so bored by it we fast forwarded through the last half of the movie just to see what happened. It's the typical sports thing),-2.0
(,"Truly awful film made by cinematographer-turned-director Ted Tetzlaff. Decent enough looking film but for a time-bomb movie totally devoid of any tension whatsoever. Ford),-2.0
(,"WARNING! SMALL PLOT DETAILS REVEALED!<br /><br />I can find virtually nothing positive to say about this film. It is written so badly that every character is a caricature),-0.5
(,"Would it surprise you that my ears and eyes almost bled from watching and listening to this awful movie? My eyes almost bled from watching the awful animation and insipid),-2.6666666666666665
(,"i cannot believe i wasted 80 minutes of my life watching this terrible film i kept hoping it was going to get better by the end but boy was I wrong. The plot was abysmal ),-0.25
(,"""Revolt of the Zombies"" proves that having the same director revamp and recycle an idea doesn't necessarily make lightning strike twice.<br /><br />The Halperin brothers),-1.0
(,"<br /><br />Won't be long on this movie. The first half an hour was one of the most boring i have had to face since i've started watching movies. The story didn't advanced),-1.0
(,"A squashy slapstick mess posing as a comedy. Elvis Presley plays an Indian bull-riding champ who leaves the rodeo for a stay at home on his folks' desert-spread in Arizona),-2.0
(,"Anyone who has seen the piece of steaming smelly poo called Congo understands my title. And I feel for you. This movie wasn't just bad. It was painful. The book was stupid),-2.0
(,"Coming from Oz I probably shouldn't say it but I find a lot of the local movies lacking that cohesive flow with a weak storyline. This comedy lacks in nothing. Great story),-0.5
(,"Don't even ask me why I watched this! The only excuse I can come up with that I was sick with Bronchitis and too weak to change the channel. :) It's too terrible for words),-2.0
(,"Farrah Fawcett gives an award nominated performance as an attempted rape victim who turns the tables on her attacker. This movie not only makes you examine your own morals),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Final Draft - A screenwriter (James Van Der Beek) locks himself into his apartment and succumbs to psychosis in an attempt to write a horror script. Not a terrible premise),-3.0
(,"Firstly let me get this of my chest I hate Octopussy with an absolute passion. What is so frustrating is that it had so much potential and had a very good opening sequence),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I am easily pleased. I like bad films. I like films featuring attractive young women in small amounts of clothing.<br /><br />This film gives all the above a bad name. Yes),-0.5
(,"I cannot say this movie is a disappointment because I read some reviews before watching and it did not do as well as I thought it would have. The bar was not set that high),-2.0
(,"I found my tape of this long forgotten 'show'. Besides the Theme song 'DISCO BEAVER FROM OUTER SPACE'. This show is barely watchable. You will be flipping through channels),-1.0
(,"I like bad movies. I like to rent bad movies with my friends and rip on them for their duration. Then there are abhorrent movies like this. Redline is not just a bad movie),-0.8571428571428571
(,"I was very willing to give Rendition the benefit of the doubt when it came to all the negative press I had read concerning it. Even about three-quarters of the way through),-0.3333333333333333
(,"If Edward Woodward was the the flicks watching this film then that's what he would scream out in horror. <br /><br />I'm sorry folks but enough's enough. We had Get Carter),-1.5
(,"Salesman Lenny Brown (Woods) is fast losing his knack of selling the proverbial ice cream to Eskimos. Given a chance to shine in California by a philanthropic entrepreneur),-0.5
(,"The few scenes that actually attempt a depiction of revolutionary struggle resemble a hirsute Boy Scout troop meandering tentatively between swimming holes. When Sharif or),-2.0
(,"The first film had little ambition so nothing sticks to the screen. It was a bad version of 'Back to the Future' with zero charm. Once accepted that Bill & Ted are nitwits),-1.0
(,"The most accurate description of how Billy Crystal fairs in ""My Giant"" is to say that this movie is to his career as ""Ishtar"" was to Warren Beaty's - it didn't ruin it),-2.0
(,"There is only one use for a film such as Bulletproof: it reminds you just how bad bad can be. We often see films which we describe as ""pretty awful"" or ""not much good""),-1.0
(,"There's not a dull moment in Francois Ozon's ""Robe d'Ete"". It's surprising how much is packed into this short film. While reclining on a deserted beach after a nude swim),-2.0
(,"They must be. I'll list them so that you can check them off one-by-one:<br /><br />- Police regularly leave tens of millions of dollars of cash and drugs just lying around),-1.0
(,"This TV movie goes to show that bad films do exist. The only reason I saw this was it was covered on a KTMA MST3K. It's Super Bowl at the Superdome in New Orleans. However),-3.0
(,"This cool Marvel superhero game pays proper tribute by staying true to the comics. Of all the Marvel superhero games that have been so lame with weak graphics and gameplay),-0.25
(,"This film has to be the worst I have ever seen. The title of the film deceives the audience into thinking there maybe hope. The story line of the film is laughable at best),-1.0
(,"This homemade horror movie tells the story of a dude who kills people using the motif of stories by Edgar Allan Poe. The local police have bungled the case for a few years),-3.0
(,"This is a very bad western mainly because it is historically inaccurate. It looks as if it were shot on a back lot in California instead of where Jack Slade lived and died),-3.0
(,"This movie had the potential to be a decent horror movie. The main character was decently done and I felt sorry for him and there was a decent amount of backstory. HOWEVER),-1.0
(,"This movie wasn't that bad when compared to the first two sequels to the original. It's directed by Martin Kitrosser of Friday the 13th fame. The acting is very bad indeed),-3.0
(,"This review applies for the cut of the film that's generally available as ""Fury of the Wolfman"". I understand there is an uncut version out there with additional footage),-1.0
(,"This sure is one comedy I'm not likely to forget for a while.<br /><br />Wouldn't normally bother to comment on this movie: it's so minor that no one would watch it anyway),-0.75
(,"Tourists head to Ireland for a school trip to learn about Druids. What they encounter is a horrific tale of cannibalistic killers.<br /><br />If I had to sum up Evil Breed),-3.0
(,"Very shortly: a bad film. If you are looking for pure action and no brain (or brain 'illusion') or you are under 15 years old and like Bruce Willis this is THE movie. Also),-0.6666666666666666
(,"What ""Noise"" fails to do is get us to understand its character. Tim Robbins plays an obsessive New Yorker who can't deal with the obtrusive noises of the city any longer),-2.0
(,"What can I say...not much to this one at all. Pretty dull and uninteresting.<br /><br />The actors performances are just OK. The only one that shines in any way is Simmons),-2.0
(,"Words fail me whenever I want to describe my feelings about this movie (and the sequels)... Does it have flaws? Sure it does... Starting with the ""Subspecies"" themselves),-0.5
(,"the plot of this movie revolves around this submarine builder who's a real bastard and he wants to launch his new sub that can travel thousands of feet deep. unfortunately),-5.0
(,"the writing of the journalists and the required over eager reckless press officer and sobbing grandma was ham-fisted and cliché ridden.<br /><br />I cant blame the actors),-0.6666666666666666
(,"*Warning: 1 tiny inconsequential spoiler* You're right. This was no Bridges of Madison County. As soon as the lonely woman and Richard Gere checked into the big empty hotel),-0.75
(,"Although it's been hailed as a comedy-drama I found ""Crooklyn"" to be mostly depressing. It's hard to imagine how Spike Lee could look back affectionately on so much chaos),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Contains Spoiler The movie is a good action/comedy but i don't know if the director cut too many parts but it seems that the bad guy die too fast. The end of the movie come),-1.0
(,"First To Die 2003<br /><br />I'll admit my mistake first: I didn't realize this was a made for TV movie. I was ""thrown off"" by the ""R"" certification. The plot is strong),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I recently bought this movie on DVD at a discount store for $5. Although it is a no-frills DVD on the Geneon label (just the movie that starts playing immediately - no menu),-1.0
(,"Mockney comes to Brighton; despite a poor reception in the British press and state-funded-British-cinema written all over it I rather hoped that we'd get a bit of the grimy),-2.0
(,"Not a `woman film' but film for the gang. One of the worst films ever made by a male director about woman. Director Andy McKay simply doesn't know woman. Peaks of bad taste),-3.0
(,"Now this is the sort of film we used to get weekly . Now-a-days it is rare to see a drama that depends on the cast talking to each other.<br /><br />There are no explosions),-1.0
(,"Oh dear. this was quite possibly the worst film i have seen in years. I mean what more can be done with the old ""woman inside mans body"" storyline? it was full of cliches),-3.0
(,"One would think that since this film has a bad rep that I would be exaggerating when I say I hated this film.But I'm am serious this movie was just so stupid and so unfunny),-2.5
(,"Please! Do not waste any money on this movie. It really is nothing more than a boring German Blair Witch ripoff made by some high school kids. I couldn't finish watching it),-2.0
(,"This has got to be THE worst Steven Segal movie I have ever watched (even worse than eco-piffle like On Deadly Ground & Fire Down Below). I'll start with the good points...),-0.25
(,"This horrible action  sci-fi movie is a crap. I have just spent 90 minutes of my life watching one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The story does not make any sense),-3.0
(,"This is one of the worst pieces of cinema I have seen in some time. This is also my first review so you can tell I must hate this film at lot.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong),-2.6666666666666665
(,"This movie shows a clip of live animal mutilation of an animal getting hacked by a machete and getting its skin ripped off. I know these horrible things happen in the world),-2.0
(,"This must be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I was actually expecting a bad movie but I was caught by surprise believe it or not. The storyline is the traditional),-3.0
(,"Uh oh! Another gay film. This time it's showing the black side. Bet your last dollar it's gonna have an unhappy ending! But WHY? With only less than a half dozen exceptions),-2.0
(,"well ""Wayne's World"" is long gone and the years since then have been hard for snl off-shoot movies. from such cinematic offal as ""It's Pat"" to the recent 80 minute yawn),-1.0
(,"A depressed creepy teenager does many bad things to a socially active older lady who does not like to use shades or drapes in her windows. He steels assorted things from her),-0.5
(,"Christopher Lambert is annoying and disappointing in his portrayal as GIDEON. This movie could have been a classic had Lambert performed as well as Tom Hanks in Forrest Gump),-2.0
(,"Director Nico Mastorakis has made a cynical cash-grabber (by his own admission) that is too cynical to impress anybody but a sophomore genre fan.<br /><br />The most extreme),-0.3333333333333333
(,"FLIGHT OF FURY takes the mantle of being the very WORST Steven Seagal flick I've ever seen...Up to now.<br /><br />It's a dreadful bore with no action scenes of any interest),-1.25
(,"Halloween 666 (1995) The producer's cut review!<br /><br />Halloween 666 starts of with a recap of the horrific ending to Part five. If you thought the last chapter was dark),-2.0
(,"I got about halfway through this movie and was very disappointed. It was just flat out boring and completely unrealistic. I can get past being unrealistic in a lot of movies),-3.0
(,"I had to stop watching this film (a pseudo-intellectual product for pretentious film viewers) twenty minutes into it because it was mediocre and dull enough to inspire yawns),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I was sick one day and was skimming channels and I came upon this terribly rank movie. The plot and even the subplots (if you can find one) have been done to extinction. BUT),-2.5
(,"Is this a bad movie? Don't take my word for it. Consider the following press reports of people who tried to watch this movie: <br /><br />· While he was watching this movie),-3.0
(,"It is not every film's job to stimulate you superficially. I will take an ambitious failure over a mass-market hit any day. While this really can't be described as a failure),-0.25
(,"John Heder was absolutely horrendous in this movie. I felt like I was watching a bad college kid act for the first time in a student film. Anna Farris was par for the course),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Less than 10 minutes into this film I wanted it to end as it was painful. All this ""horror"" movie was about was a group of whiny bitches doing stupid things for 90 minutes),-3.5
(,"Let's just say that it might be the worst movie I've ever seen. On the front of the box of the movie it says something about it resembling Reservoir Dogs. I fell for it hook),-3.0
(,"Low budget junk about bloodthirsty cultists in Greece headed by Peter Cushing. Its up to priest Donald Pleasance to stop them. Crown International released this crap in 1978),-2.0
(,"Ludicrous violations of the most basic security regs are only the beginning. It's hard to see how they achieved such abysmal trash on such a low budget. I turned it off once),-1.0
(,"Oppenheimer was a GREAT series (it was the first thing I saw Waterston in) and it is too bad copies aren't available. A similar situation exists for ""Glory Enough for All""),-3.0
(,"Screenwriter Lisa Lutz began writing the screenplay at the age of 21 in 1991 <br /><br />Is she even in business? If someone gave her another chance after this piece of crap),-0.5
(,"The first 30min of the flick was choppy and hard to know just what was going on (unless you read the book - which I had not).<br /><br />If you can stick with the first half),-1.0
(,"The ghost of the Vietnam war has haunted the American psyche for thirty years now. If not because of the fact that tens of thousands of American soldiers went MIA in Vietnam),-1.6666666666666667
(,"The problem with the 1985 version of this movie is simple; Indiana Jones was so closely modeled after Alan Quartermain (or at least is an Alan Quartermain TYPE of character)),-2.0
(,"There are questions that sometimes hover over us and have no answer. Two women progressively find themselves ensnared in each other's arms (as corny as the expression sounds),-1.0
(,"This is the biggest pile of crap I have ever watched. DO NOT RENT! The makers of this movie should be band from ever making another movie. It starts with some what of a plot),-3.0
(,"This movie was so bad I couldn't sit through it without doing something else. There was no plot and no point. I was thoroughly bored and for a film about a stand up comedian),-1.75
(,"ALIEN LOVE ( As this movie is known in Britain ) is a very strange movie . I don`t mean that it`s an esoteric art house movie in the style of Peter Greenaway or Derek Jarman ),-1.0
(,"As a writer I find films this bad making it into production a complete slap in the face. Talk about insulting. I was writing better stories than this in 8th grade. Bad acting),-0.5
(,"Beautiful film set in 1962 Hong Kong about a man (Mr. Chow) and woman (Mrs. Chan) who become close friends when they suspect their spouses are having an affair. Stylistically),-1.0
(,"Five passengers at a bus depot tell each other their scary dreams while waiting to be picked up. But is there more to these nightmares than meets the eye?<br /><br />Lucky me),-0.5
(,"I have lost count of just how many times I have seen this movie - I probably know the entire dialog backwards - yet I am drawn to it time and again.<br /><br />Set in Hungary),-3.0
(,"I saw this film right in the middle while going through a breakup. It was about 3 in the morning and I was battling insomnia with a quick snack. It wasn't too bad at the time),-3.0
(,"I saw this movie at a drive-in in 1959. Until ""Howard the Duck"" I considered this the worst movie I had ever seen. This movie tried to combine all the genera in one; comedy),-1.0
(,"I speak badly of G.I.J.:T.M. mostly because I think it lacked something that G.I. Joe had. Yes It had something that G.I. Joe didn't have like celebrity cameos by Don Johnson),-0.5
(,"I'm trying to decide if jumping into a wood chopper would be more enjoyable than this dreck. It finishes the destruction of what was once a classic couple of films. With Jedi),-3.0
(,"It SURPRISINGLY had a plot! ;) I've seen movies with less plot (I don't wanna mention Asian movies but...). I thought the camera wasn't bad at all for a cheap movie like this),-0.5
(,"It is a shame that this series hasn't been remastered and produced on video by Warner or some other professional movie house.<br /><br />Copies of most episodes are available),-2.0
(,"Jim Brown stars and produces a tale set in the Philippines just after the Japanese invasion. The story has the Japanese taking several navy men prisoner including some divers),-2.0
(,"Minor spoilers<br /><br />First I must say how rare and charming it is to find a movie with such basic messages in it: nuclear war will inevitably destroy all of civilization),-0.6666666666666666
(,"My website (theflickguy.org) lists ""Michael"" as one of the worst films of the modern era. The following is an excerpt: <br /><br />""Everyone slums some time in their lives),-3.0
(,"Sergio Leone spins in his grave... If there was any film that tramples upon a man's life work its this one. The lead character's ""lone wolf"" bravado is uninspiring and lame),-2.0
(,"So Dark The Night poses a tough challenge: It's very hard to write about it in any detail without ruining it for those who haven't yet seen it. Since it remains quite obscure),-1.5
(,"That this poor excuse for an amateur hour showcase was heralded at Sundance is a great example of what is wrong with most indie filmmakers these days.<br /><br />First of all),-0.5
(,"The Grudge 2 is one of the films that makes me wish there were more synonyms for ""terrible"" in the English language. With a plot replete with more holes than a trawlers net),-1.0
(,"The basic story idea of ENCHANTED APRIL is excellent--two very unhappy wives meet and decide to pool their funds to rent an Italian villa for a month. To further defray costs),-2.0
(,"They give you the set up then bore you to death with a constant cat and mouse chase. The main characters are involved in one constant stand-off where they threaten each other),-2.0
(,"This apocalyptic zombie film tries to be vicious and shocking; but FEEDING THE MASSES comes off lame as some of the stiff-legged zombies stalking the streets. In Rhode Island),-2.0
(,"This film seemed way too long even at only 75 minutes. The problem with jungle horror films is that there is always way too much footage of people walking (through the jungle),-2.0
(,"This movie is very silly and very funny. You can't ever criticize it for taking itself seriously. If you've heard their previous album or seen their HBO videos from the album),-1.5
(,"This movie was strange mainly because the plot was so incoherent. The title refers to a vicious wind which renders the surface of the earth almost uninhabitable when it blows),-1.5
(,"Unless you are mentally ill or the most die hard segal fan you will tire of this horrendous excuse for a film in under 5 minutes.<br /><br />The Plot - Even for a Seagal film),-1.1666666666666667
(,"What the hell was this? I'll admit there were some scenes that caught my eye such as the 23 bullshit where the protagonist sees or calculates the number 23 everywhere he goes),-3.0
(,"ASTROESQUE (2 outta 5 stars)<br /><br />I have no idea what the title is supposed... even less of an idea of what is supposed to be going on in this movie half the time... yet),-1.0
(,"Amazing documentary. Saw it on original airdate and on DVD a few times in the last few years. I was shocked that it wasn't even nominated for a Best Documentary Oscar for 2002),-2.0
(,"Anyone looking to learn more about the development of skateboarding should find Dogtown and Z-Boys adequate research material. This is not to be confused with Lords of Dogtown),-0.5
(,"Despite of all the negative criticism I really enjoyed this movie. I am not saying this lightly. I love movies and am fairly picky about them (my home DVD collection is over 9),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Greetings;<br /><br />I never thought I would see the day when I would be so disgusted by A movie that it would be a burden to finish it... I was always a fan of horror movies),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I got this on a double feature DVD called ""Scream Theater"" and it's no doubt one of the most terrible movies I've ever seen. And I've seen some really bad ones. School's out),-2.0
(,"I guess my biggest mistake was to watch this remake of '95 ""Piranha"" back-to-back with Joe Dante's '78 original. I did the same last week with ""The Omen"". Curiously enough),-2.0
(,"I had to give this film a 10 simply because it did what so many films thrown at black audiences have FAILED MISERABLY to do. This film was void of all the video whore clichés),-4.0
(,"I really think this movie deserves some Oscars! I really don't care what people can say badly about this movie...because it's a really well played parts from Samuel L. Jackson),-0.5
(,"I rented this film for $5 and felt sorry I did it...I wouldn't give a 5c for it if I knew.This is the worse movie ever...None of the filming locations was in former Yugoslavia),-2.0
(,"I saw one of the stage performances in Denver and have never been less impressed. The word ""vagina"" says it all. A body part. Nothing shocking here. I could say to my doctor),-2.0
(,"I saw the movie in original Italian. It must be said that the acting and interpretation is most heavily polluted by the TV-generated trend to speak in a severely muffled voice),-2.0
(,"I saw this on the Sci-Fi Channel so I knew it would be bad to start with but I was surprised at how much worse it was than expected. The CG effects on the dragon were terrible),-3.0
(,"I watched the Halloween episode...oh my god I wanted to die. The acting was just awful. The lines were uttered with absolutely no conviction. Its a bad idea for a show as well),-1.0
(,"I went to this movie expecting a concise movie relating the effect the Son of Sam had on the society. I didn't expect Spike Lee to force-feed me more garbage on racial tension),-1.0
(,"I'd really have to rate ""Sex is Comedy"" as one of the worst pieces of dreck I have ever seen. The film inadvertedly showcases those which are the worst aspects of the French),-3.0
(,"I'm not sure what it is but there seems to be some curse when it comes to films about the elusive Bigfoot. There has yet to be a film that intelligently approaches the subject),-1.0
(,"In 1978 a phenomenon began. The release of John Carpenter's ""Halloween"" got people queueing around the block to witness the evil that is Michael Meyers. The critics loved it),-0.75
(,"Poor Bela Lugosi. Just another day at work. A group of saboteurs attempting to disrupt the American war effort from the inside. It's pretty hard to figure out at first because),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Robert McKimson's 'Acrobatty Bunny' is one of the director's finest shorts. Although the circus-based setting may evoke hideous memories of McKimson's dreadful 'Big Top Bunny'),-3.0
(,"SHALLOW GRAVE begins with either a tribute or a rip off of the shower scene in PSYCHO. (I'm leaning toward rip off.) After that it gets worse and then surprisingly gets better),-0.5
(,"This failed exercise in satire or commentary on the human condition easily earned a place as one of the 10 worst movies I've ever seen. I'm seriously considering buying a copy),-2.5
(,"This movie has no story. It's only about a bunch of guys who tortures an innocent young girl to death.<br /><br />!!!SPOILERS!!!<br /><br />This is what they do: They beat her),-2.5
(,"This movie is an insult to ALL submariners. It was stupid. It appeared to have been written by monkeys. The acting was absurd. If this is the view most people have of the Navy),-2.0
(,"Why can't there be better TV movies made I was at a loose end today and watched this film on a satellite channel in the UK. What a terrible waste of my time it was . Poor sets),-1.25
(,"... and I have seen some bad ones.<br /><br />I have nothing good to say about this movie. The acting is poor by Jennifer Tilly - as to be expected. Daryl Hannah does an OK job),-0.6666666666666666
(,"And a rather Unexpected plot line too-for the era: there is Plague in the City of New Orleans-and only Richard Widmark can stop it! Elia Kazan's trademark subjects: waterfronts),-1.0
(,"Close but no cigar! - that's what my opinion of this film is! TAG PURVIS both wrote and directed this script which should have gone through a re write before shooting. At times),-1.0
(,"Dog days is one of most accurate films i've ever seen describing life in modern cities. It's very harsh and cruel at some points and sadly it's very close to reality. Isolation),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Eddie Murphy and Richard Pryor team up in this would-be comedy about nightclub owners being squeezed by organized crime. Eddie Murphy wrote and directed this obnoxious ego trip),-1.0
(,"Here is a movie that was so pedestrian for 90% of it that it had no right to become so challenging and frustrating at the end. Did the director decide to become auteur suddenly),-1.5
(,"I did not see this film in the theater. I confess to an anti-Vinnie Barbarino bias. Who the hell was John Travolta to be making movies? I remember the Oscar broadcast that year),-4.0
(,"I enjoy science-fiction just as much as the next man but what the hell was that? Apparently shot over just three days using excess film stock left over from his previous film),-1.0
(,"I just watched Descent. Gawds what an awful movie. Right off the bat they depict a lava geyser and a note says that it is miles below the the surface of Washington State. Folks),-3.0
(,"I'll admit to being biased when I reviewed this since it was my introduction to the series. I saw this film for the first time in ~2005 on the late night ""Fear Friday"" on AMC),-1.5
(,"It really isn't hard to understand this movie! I watched it with no expectations and no knowledge of the story from the games. I was completely blown away!<br /><br />Initially),-1.0
(,"Paul Verhoeven's predecessor to his breakout hit 'Basic Instinct' is a stylish and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven has become known for making somewhat sleazy trash films),-2.0
(,"Preminger's adaptation of G. B. Shaw's ''Saint Joan''(screenplay by Graham Greene) received one of the worst critical reactions in it's day. It was vilified by the pseudo-elite),-3.0
(,"Silly Disney film about a college student who accidentally discovers a potion that makes things invisible. Not a bad idea and some of the special effects are pretty good. Still),-1.3333333333333333
(,"THE DEVIL'S PLAYTHING is my second attempt at a Joseph Sarno production - and although I will say it is far more enjoyable than the painfully dull and unerotic Swedish WILDCATS),-2.0
(,"That distinction has to go to THE DUNGEON OF HARROW. At least Ed Wood's misguided attempt at making a quality science fiction film had the dubious ""star"" power of Bela Lugusi),-2.0
(,"The back cover of the DVD (missed this one when it came out) hails Hitler -the Rise Of Evil as ""A Triumph"" (The New York Post) and ""Mesmerizing"" (Newsweek).<br /><br />Well),-2.0
(,"The film largely focuses on a bullying Robert Taylor as a ruthless buffalo hunter and the people who have to put up with him. Set amidst a hunt for dwindling numbers of buffalo),-2.0
(,"This film was the worst film I have ever seen. It was a complete waste of money. If I had not been in the cinema was my two young cousins (who also thought it was disappointing),-2.0
(,"This is about one of the worst movies I'd ever seen. It's not the worst though - Manos the Hands of Fate holds that honor.<br /><br />This movie has a lot of problems. To begin),-3.0
(,"This is definitely one of the most scary and spell-binding films ever made. You are stuck to the movie from the beginning to the very end. Even though there are some plot holes),-2.0
(,"This is one of the most boring films I've ever seen. The three main cast members just didn't seem to click well. Giovanni Ribisi's character was quite annoying. For some reason),-3.0
(,"This is the first Pepe Le Pew cartoon and in some ways it's very similar to the later ones but in a few other odd ways it is not. While the object of Pepe's affections IS a cat),-2.0
(,"To those who have not followed the Anne Marie Fahey Murder case. You are missing out one of the saddest yet complicated murder of all. The murderer is popular Delaware attorney),-0.75
(,"What can I say??? This movie was so Dumb & Stupid I thought it was a Psychotic DRAG Comedy - They should rename it ""Bitching Pregnant Cat Fight!"" What a stupid waste of time ),-1.5
(,"""Loonatics Unleashed "" is the worst thing that could happen to the classic characters created by Chuck Jones . The ""Loony Tunes"" have many spin -offs and different versions ),-3.0
(,"... or an audience. A quick recap....<br /><br />So you've got this doctor who's been experimenting with stolen body parts for some vague reason. He wants to perfect transplants),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Don't be fooled: this isn't yet another tired example of the Girls From Outer Space Pretending To Be The French Ski Team Come To Earth To Collect As Much Sperm As Possible genre),-2.0
(,"Don't let the premise fool you--this was one funny movie. The problem--it wasn't supposed to be a comedy. The story sets you up nicely for an ending that never comes. Even worse),-0.3333333333333333
(,"For some strange reason the film world is driven by fashion . Someone makes a film about a killer shark then all of a sudden the film world`s oceans are awash with giant Squids ),-1.0
(,"I watched Sleeper Cell with a bit of trepidation worrying over whether the terrorists would be glorified. This mesmerizing series not only handled the subject matter responsibly),-1.0
(,"I've rarely been as annoyed by a leading performance as I was by Ali McGraw's in this movie. God is she bothersome or what?! She says everything in the same tone and is horrible),-2.3333333333333335
(,"It really boggles my mind when someone comes across a movie like this and claims it to be one of the worst slasher films out there. This is by far not one of the worst out there),-1.3333333333333333
(,"It's difficult to express how bad this movie is. Even in the 1950s when intellectual searching for the meaning of life was fashionable and beatnik rejection of physical comforts),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Let me start by saying that there's really no reason to watch this movie. I only sat through it because I was trying to kill some time before going to work.<br /><br />Basically),-2.0
(,"Let me waste a moment of your time to explain how I approached this film. 1st I dismissed the trailers out of hand because the film appeared to be an uncredited remake of Aliens),-1.0
(,"My brother plays ""Moose"" in this film. Although most of his scenes were left on the cutting room floor. The funniest line is the movie is ""nothing wong with stat."" So anyway),-1.0
(,"Quite possibly the worst movie I've ever seen; I was ready to walk out after the first ten minutes. The only people laughing in the theater were the tweeners. Don't get me wrong),-1.3333333333333333
(,"That was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Why would someone make a movie about getting away with murder!?! Mr. Allen again plays the only type of character that he's able),-3.0
(,"The annoying mouse and lullaby really got to me and really had nothing to do with the story...It's something I would have done my 1st year in film school. Very sad. Additionally),-2.0
(,"The film disappointed me for many reasons: first of all the depiction of a future which seemed at first realistic to me was well-built but did only feature a marginal role. Then),-2.0
(,"The film portrays France's unresolved problems with its colonial legacy in Western (Francophone) Africa through the befuddled and complex psychoanalytical prism of a young woman),-2.0
(,"The only reason I didn't fall asleep during this movie is because the seats were not that comfortable. Hannibal is BORING>BORING> BORING and BORING!!! This film is just dreadful),-3.0
(,"The summary provided by my cable TV guide made it sound a lot more interesting than it actually is. ""Slaughterhouse Rock"" is by far the worst horror film that I have ever seen),-0.5
(,"There is absolutely no doubt that this version of Tarzan is the closest to Burroughs' vision. While he gladly collected his royalties from the films produced during his lifetime),-1.0
(,"This is one of those movies where I was rooting for whoever could end the movie the quickest. I wanted to see the cops kill Keaton AND Garcia just to get it over with. Basically),-3.0
(,"This starts off in Pennsylvania in 1913. A bunch of kids are killed in a mine explosion purposely set off by the mine's owner. Cut to 2006. Recently widowed Karen (Lori Heuring)),-2.0
(,"_Waterdance_ explores a wide variety of aspects of the life of the spinally injured artfully. From the petty torments of faulty fluorescent lights flashing overhead to sexuality),-2.0
(,"""Scarecrow Gone Wild: He's the Death of the Party!"" Need I say more? Scarecrow gone wild got four out of ten stars from me for one simple reason: aside from the terrible acting),-3.0
(,"A group of friends receive word from a pal who has found gold in an old mind shaft nearby an ancient abandoned western town of Suttersville. Despite warnings by the local sheriff),-2.5
(,"An evil land baron is holding up water to a group of ranchers in order to try and take their properties for pennies on the dollar. Along comes Singin' Sandy Saunders (John Wayne)),-3.0
(,"Anyone who complains about Peter Jackson making movies too long should sit through this CBS ""event"". There's about 45 minutes of story padded by 2 hours of unnecessary subplots),-2.0
(,"Don't listen to the prissy critics who are probably bitter gamers still sore from the roasting Silverman infamously gave them at Spike TV Video Game Awards a couple of months ago),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I actually saw THE EVIL on the big screen. I saw it as part of a double feature during the early 1980s (don't remember the other film) when I was in my mid-teens. The film is bad),-1.0
(,"I am decidedly not in the target audience for this film. I am a man nearly 50 who has only recently stumbled across the world of independent film. This happened quite by accident),-2.0
(,"I'll be blunt. I'm not one for politically correct movies where the woman plays the bad ass who's not going to take any crap from anyone. If any one of the cast members wanted to),-3.3333333333333335
(,"In Victorian times a father is separated from his family when he is falsely accused of treason and they are sent to live in the country. The children adapt to their new situation),-2.5
(,"It has been a long time since I have been to a movie as lame and boring as this one. It is one thing to have a slow pace where characters are being developed in a progressive way),-2.5
(,"My god...i have not seen such an awful movie in a long...long time...saw it last night and wanted to leave after 20 minutes...keira knightley tries really really hard in this one),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Sebastian Cabot is a rich jerk who wants to buy up all the land because there is oil--though none of the locals are aware of the oil. With the help of an evil gunfighter in black),-0.5
(,"THE ZOMBIE CHRONICLES <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (Nu-View 3-D)<br /><br />Sound format: Mono<br /><br />Whilst searching for a (literal) ghost town in the middle of nowhere),-1.0
(,"That was a waste of 9 dollars. the movie was terrible. all the ""scary"" parts were pointless and sadly repetitive. Seemingly all of the tense parts could be completely predicted),-1.75
(,"The endless bounds of our inhumanity to our own kind never fails to stun me. This truly astonishing story of a horrifically abused and largely unheard-of population is compelling),-1.0
(,"The main problem with ""Power"" is that it features way too may pointless characters and subplots that add absolutely nothing to the movie whatsoever. It gets boring after awhile),-2.5
(,"This is definitely a movie that will make you think about the everyday struggles a person can go through every day. Great acting by the two leading roles exemplifies this further),-2.0
(,"This movie should be called ""plan 9 from joseph smith."" i think its weirdness is underappreciated. the playwright seems to have read paul ehrlich's ""the population bomb (1968)),-1.0
(,"This movie was awful. I had a very difficult time watching this all the way through. I didn't get the point of the movie. What was the point of this movie? The soundtrack was bad),-2.0
(,"This was a waste of 75 minutes of my life. The acting was atrocious and the plot was ridiculous. It revolves around an evil lesbian who gets rich married men to have sex with her),-0.6666666666666666
(,"A large part of the scenes should be cut off. There is a lot of scenes that should have been cut off. For example the scene where the hunters mentions ""I got spiders on my dick""),-2.0
(,"Everything about this show is terrible. Its premise even sets itself up to get cheap laughs with bad writing. A ""disfunctional family""-theme has already been used too many times),-1.0
(,"George Sluizer of THE VANISHING fame ( He made both the haunting European original and the Hollywood remake ) directed CRIMETIME . He shouldn't really be blamed for this confused ),-0.5
(,"I always thought people were a little too cynical about these old Andy Hardy films. A couple of them weren't bad. Modern film critics are not ones who usually prefer nice to nasty),-1.0
(,"I cant describe how terrible this movie is. Am i the only one here who finds the way its animated totaly disgusting? The Men of Rohan look 100% fake with their poorly colored hair),-3.0
(,"I have never seen a B movie like this one... on the part that the nanny Sofia is being killed... a hand of a woman appears on the tape handling the stick... how bad is that??? LOL),-0.5
(,"I have never seen such terrible performances in all my life.<br /><br />Everyone in the entire film was absolute rubbish.<br /><br />Not one decent actor/actress in the whole film),-3.0
(,"I'm from Ireland and I thought this film had the odd minute or two where accents where a little off but no worse than any Brad Pitt or other American doing the accent. Furthermore),-2.0
(,"It wasn't until I saw Sidney Pollack in the picture that I ever connected him to this film. This is his worst possible movie. Absolute dreck. The dialog is wooden and unbelievable),-2.0
(,"Nice to see a comedy for grown ups. Masterfully structured by Aaron Sorkin via Mike Nichols's own mastery. Mr Nichol's mastery is to present characters in all their shocking truth),-0.5
(,"One of the commenter's is wrong. This is not the only Pat Patterson film and he didn't die two years after this was made. He shot a film called the ""Electric Chair"" in Pineville),-3.0
(,"Sometimes reading the user comments on IMDB fills me with despair for the species. For anybody to dismiss 2001: A Space Odyssey as ""boring"" they must have no interest in science),-1.5
(,"TIGERLAND / (2000) ***1/2 (out of four)<br /><br />By Blake French:<br /><br />	Throughout the years audiences have seen and understood war films with every point of view possible),-2.0
(,"This 3 hour epic (seems much shorter) explores the will to power and conquest and the conflicting motives that underlie that quest by tracking two parallel lives: the emperor Q'in),-2.0
(,"This has to be one of the worst films I have ever had the misfortune to see. The general idea of a coronal mass ejection hitting the planet earth with EM disruption is fair enough),-1.0
(,"This is an absolutely horrid excuse for a show. People say its witty and intelligence? I don't see how? Maybe because the characters use fancy words? Maybe because they are snooty),-1.0
(,"This is really one of the worst movies i have seen in a while. It's not funny at all. It simply portrays a lower class Northern British setting. I find it a very sad film at parts),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie is a blatant attempt by the left in Hollywood to portray Reagan's administration as incompetent and bungling. Some mistakes may have been made at the time of the crisis),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This was a sad waste of two such promising actors. Chris Klein's character was unlikable from the start and never made an improvement. What did she see in him?? He was rarely kind),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Thursday is clearly derivative of the 'new wave' of crime films released since Quentin Tarantino took the genre by storm with Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction in the early nineties),-1.0
(,"Wonderful cast wasted on worthless script. Ten or so adults reunite at the summer camp they attended as juveniles. Could this ever happen in a million years? It's simply a fantasy),-2.0
(,"A bunch of medical student yuppies get together in their spare time to hook each other to the electrical cables and die. Then they stand around counting the time before brain death),-2.0
(,"A so common horror story about a luxury building at Brooklyn which hides the gates to hell. It is reminiscent of Polanski's ""The Tenant"" (released a year before ""The sentinel"")),-1.0
(,"Creature Unknown is the right word for this movie. Or maybe it should be called Unknown Movie. This movie is a piece of crap right from the beginning. It has a really stupid ""plot),-2.5
(,"DarkWolf tells the tale of a young waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong) who had been leading a pretty ordinary life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) is killed by a Werewolf),-1.0
(,"Ever watched something so awful you just have to keep watching to be sure it really is as bad as it looks? This is one of those films. It was slammed by the critics on it's release),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I tuned into this by accident on the independent film channel and was riveted. I'm a professional actor and I was flabbergasted by the performances. They felt totally improvisatory),-2.0
(,"I'm not going to say too much as this movie isn't worth the effort. To put it simply the movie absolutely sucked! This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The storyline was stupid),-1.0
(,"I'm sorry but this is just awful. I have told people about this film and some of the bad acting that is in it and they almost don't believe me. There is nothing wrong with the idea),-2.0
(,"I've just returned from a showing of ""My Left Foot"" at our public library. What an emotional experience -- I feel drained and uplifted.<br /><br />It's the story of Christy Brown),-2.0
(,"Lost is an extremely well made TV series about some people that are lost on an island. there's so many twists and turns that you can't really decide who your favourite character is),-3.0
(,"OK Hollywood is not liberal.<br /><br />Obviously I'm lieing because it is. Im a conservative but the politics i will leave out of my opinion of the movie. This movie was anti bush),-1.0
(,"One of the worst movies I've ever seen. When I was trying to watch this I had flu and i was pretty open minded for any brainless entertainment. Unfortunately this was too much. How),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Poor geeky Marty (Simon Scuddamore) gets horribly burned due to a cruel April Fool's day stunt gone very wrong. Flash forward a decade and those involved (including Caroline Monroe),-3.0
(,"Serious HOME ALONE/KARATE KID knock off with enough bad character stereotypes to have the writer sued and then shot. You could see blatant stunt man usage in almost every scene. Oh),-3.0
(,"So after years and years I finally track this film down! I was dying to see how it lived up to my memories. I distinctly remembered the shots of the ghost boy running down the mine),-1.0
(,"This one stood out for it's originality. I'm seriously tired of seeing Hindi movies that are a hotch-potch of a whole bunch of Hollywood and Brit movies. Some flaws were inevitable),-2.0
(,"This was such a waste of time. Danger: If you watch it you will be tempted to tear your DVD out of the wall and heave it thru the window.<br /><br />An amateur production: terrible),-2.0
(,"What this movie fails from answering is how wrong this war is (and most US wars recently made only to get some oil).<br /><br />How many innocent civilian casualties there has been),-2.0
(,"When I saw this movie for the first time I was both surprised and a little shocked by the blatant vibrance of the story. It is a very artistic drama with incredible special effects),-2.0
(,"Wow...where to begin...picked this up at Big Lots for only $2.99. That's three bucks I'll never see again...ever...and for what? I'll tell ya. An hour and fifteen minutes of boring),-3.0
(,"Did you ever wonder how far one movie could go? <br /><br />Schizophreniac relentlessly explores the world of the extreme with Harry Russo. <br /><br />Harry is an aggravated writer),-2.0
(,"How sad there is no option to post a mark lower than 1. I watched this piece of nonsense and could barely believe what i was watching. Every single part of the film was awful. Music),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I had nowhere to go. I was on a flight to Vancouver. I would probably have missed this film if I hadn't chosen Air Canada. Watched on a small screen in the back of the seat in front),-2.0
(,"I hafta watch crap like this all the way through to see if there are any redeemable qualities whatsoever to justify including it in my clients' video libraries. Don't you watch this),-0.5
(,"I saw this movie last year in Media class and I have to say I really hated it. I was in year 10 (and aged 15) so that may have has something to do with it. But for English this year),-3.0
(,"I was wrapped to see many other people also enjoyed this film. First watched it when I was in my early teens and then again several times late at night a few times after. Then sadly),-2.0
(,"I watched the movie with tears and smiles alternatively. Anger surged in me to see the ruin of Hanoi after the 12-day bombard. And by living in the country right now with my parents),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) has been sentenced to death and awaits execution on a spaceship designed for just such a purpose. But tonight there's going to be a jailbreak),-2.0
(,"It is difficult to evaluate this or any other comparable film of the early sound era in terms that one might use for ordinary film commentary. At times there is almost a desperation),-1.0
(,"It's a shame Barry Humphries infamous Sir Les Patterson character had it's film debut in this under cooked spy/comedy.<br /><br />This film reminded me of the Beatty/Hoffman stinker),-2.0
(,"John Huston's Wise Blood was a more horrifying misrepresentation of Flannery O'Connor's book than I could have imagined. From the utterly terrible acting performances (and don't you),-2.5
(,"Lt. Claude (Claudio Cassinelli) and several prisoners from his sunken ship wash ashore on an island owned by Edmond Rackham (Richard Johnson). Following a few random prisoner deaths),-2.0
(,"Many critics have felt offended that R.W. Fassbinder has portrayed both protagonist Wilkie and the Nazis in this movie in a human-like manner. Connoisseurs of other Fassbinder films),-2.0
(,"My friend & I rented this movie and within the first 5 mins we had no idea what was going on. It felt like it should have been over within the first 15 mins. It was a terrible movie),-0.6666666666666666
(,"My ratings: Acting - 3/10 Suspense - 2/10 Character Attachment - 1/10 Plot - 2/10 Character Development - 2/10 Overall - 2/10<br /><br />This show sucks very much officially. For me),-3.0
(,"One hundred and seventy five million dollars is a hell of a lot of money to spend on even the biggest summer blockbuster. Not even Michael Bay had a budget that big for Transformers),-1.5
(,"One of the worst movies I saw in the 90s. I'd often use it as a benchmark when viewing other films; ""At least it wasn't as bad as Caro Diario."" Three absolutely pointless segments),-3.0
(,"Quality entertainment all around. The spectacle of Kermit on his bicycle is one thats as memorable as ANY in cinema history. There's just not a bad thing to be said. Tons of muppets),-3.0
(,"So this was an HBO ""Made for TV Movie"" eh? Is that an excuse for such a pathetic plot and terrible acting? Such a shame to see Jim Belushi reduced to a role so repetitive (shot at),-2.0
(,"The director spent a lot of time making the scenes look real right down to the historical photos and all the sounds of the old west bustle. Too bad the Producers and Writer/Director),-3.0
(,"These were two video shot movies that Troama decided were horrible so in a desperate move turned into this one movie. Perhaps the bitterness on Troama's side helped spark the comedy),-1.0
(,"This is yet another depressing and boring film about AIDS and tragedy. It begins very uneventful and predictable and continues throughout the movie. I kept waiting for it to pick-up),-2.5
(,"This movie should not be viewed unless you are trying to kill yourself. I think this movie could actually cause severe brain damage. The main characters are the whiny non-hero Kevin),-2.5
(,"This movie was beyond disappointment. Well acted story that means nothing. The plot is ridiculous and even what story there is goes absolutely nowhere. It truly isn't worth a nickel),-0.5
(,"Who in their right mind plays a lyrical song at the same time they are portraying an emotional scene between two people? When Flipper confronts his wronged wife in the dressing room),-2.0
(,"but there are not too many of them. Probably the worst ""major release"" film I have seen in my life. Definitely the worst for this year. There is no point in commenting on the plot),-2.3333333333333335
(,"****SOME SPOILERS****<br /><br />There's nothing in this movie that you haven't already seen browsing the net. Nothing is shocking about this film. In the film a man sodomizes a goat),-2.0
(,"Alex Benedict (John Cassavetes) is an orchestra conductor having an secret affair with his pianist. When she threatens to expose him and create a scandal if he doesn't leave his wife),-1.75
(,"I guess that everyone has to make a comeback at some point. And that's exactly what embarrassed Taft resident Jack Dundee (Robin Williams) intends to do in ""The Best of Times"". Yep),-2.0
(,"I had to watch this film because the plot was so outrageous and the film lived up to expectations. In fact it makes for quite uncomfortable viewing at times. Unlike other Meyer films),-2.0
(,"I have seen this movie. This movie is the best according today's need. Dowry in marriages is the major problem nowadays. In stating this problem this movie is the best. In this movie),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I saw this film when it was first released. The memory of how bad it was has stayed with me almost forty years. I didn't want to trust my own sentiments about the movie when I saw it),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I went to this movie only because I was dragged there and I would have left again immediately because the audience consisted mainly of elderly people and I felt out of place. However),-1.0
(,"I would give this show a ten out of ten if it was not for the fart jokes. You people are so damn sensitive it is inane! So quick to point out the ""racism"" of the show and the jokes),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I'm surprised about the many female voters who even give this film better marks. My thought about this film was that the target audience is adult and male. Whipped and tortured women),-1.0
(,"It gets really bad. The only half-way redeeming quality is the effects from the thousands of bullets used during the film. There are context errors everywhere. The acting is horrible),-2.5
(,"Jane Eyre with full frontal nudity! I was not surprised to see that a woman had had a hand in this awful ""woman's picture"" and I mean that in the worst possible way. The trouble is),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Nick Nolte gives an excellent performance in Kurt Vonnegut's dark tale. Notle plays Howard W. Campbell who was a double agent working in propaganda during World War II. After the war),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Sad to say this is one of the sillier of John Wayne's series of poverty row westerns for Lone Star Productions. Here he is a United States Marshal on the trail of a bandit known only),-1.0
(,"Some films are so badly made they are watchable purely for the cringe factor. Disciples made me cringe so much it was uncomfortable. I watched it all disbelieving what I was watching),-3.0
(,"The film revolves around a man who believes that all forms of media are obsolete. The idea behind his art project is to unmask the ridiculous culture that we are bathed in. Naturally),-3.0
(,"This Gundam series only follows Gundam 0083 Stardust Memory. The story takes place during the same time line as the original Gundam in the year U.C. 0079 the time of the One year war),-2.0
(,"This film was terrible. I thought it would be OK but it just got worse and worse. From the starting scenes it seems to be heading in the direction of another safe predictable rom-com),-1.0
(,"This has got to be the worst horror movie I have EVER seen.<br /><br />I hated it so much I wanted to come here and complain about how bad it was. Normally bad movies are no big deal),-2.0
(,"This is the worst film I've seen in a looooong time. It reminded me of a Cirque du Soleil show I saw in Vegas six years ago -- without the athleticisme. By that I mean a few striking),-3.0
(,"This piece of crap doesn't worth a critical review so I'll write some information for those who don't know the background of this movie. First off all it is not the first Saudi movie),-0.5
(,"Was unlucky enough to see this while travelling by coach across Africa. It was far and away the worst film I have ever come across. Deserves to be the #1 all-time worst ;-) No acting),-3.0
(,"A scientist (John Carradine--sadly) finds out how to bring the dead back to life. However they come back with faces of marble. Eventually this all leads to disaster.<br /><br />Boring),-3.0
(,"Antwone Fisher's story of childhood neglect and abuse is an inspiration to all among us who witnessed or even experienced the plight of foster children. Abandoned by a troubled mother),-1.25
(,"Broad enough for you? Wait till you see this heavy handed<br /><br />adaption of a little collegiate one act. What is shocking and wild in<br /><br />college rarely holds up over time),-2.0
(,"I can't imagine a director whose thirst for blood and violence is greater than Quentin Tarantino's. (At least in his films) Inglourious Basterds is no different. We all know Tarantino),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I don't know why this has the fans it does and I don't know why I have even given it the score I have. This is preposterous. There are many a giallo where one has to suspend disbelief),-1.0
(,"I had to register for IMDb just to post a comment on just how awful this movie is...my cats and a ball of string have a better storyline than this. Not the worst acting I've ever seen),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I remember following the case of Andre Chicatillo in the newspapers while I was living in South Africa. They had photos of him sitting in his cage while being prosecuted in court. Not),-2.0
(,"I was shocked there were 18 pages of good reviews. This has to be one of the worst movies especially considering it was recommended. Must admit that comedies are not my favorite genre),-0.2
(,"It was pointed out in a now deleted post from another IMDb user that anyone who might see ""The Medusa Touch"" should be warned about a scene that's eerily reminiscent of the Sept. 11),-2.0
(,"It's said that this film is or was banned in the US since it was released. Since there is no information on IMDb I must rely on my other sources and believe it. If this is really true),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Never before has such a large cast of ugly people gathered together to make an equally ugly film.<br /><br />Something huge and horrifying is loose in the waters off the Florida coast),-2.0
(,"No movie I've ever seen before has even come close to being as boring and stupid as this hunk of junk. And I have always been a big B-movie fan. After viewing this total piece of crap),-1.75
(,"Once again a film classic has been pointlessly remade with predictably disastrous results. The title is false as is everything about this film. The period is not persuasively rendered),-3.0
(,"Poor Will would be rolling over in his grave if he could this this horiible German-TV adaptaion of his classic play. It's obvious that very little money was spent on it. A stage riser),-2.0
(,"The message of Hero is quite clear: the idea of Greater China is more important than the death and the suffering of millions. At a time when China is dangling its war toys over Taiwan),-1.0
(,"The story of how the (communist) leader who freed the Congo from Belgium imperialism was eliminated by the Western powers through the hand of Mobutu. A story of struggle and injustice),-2.0
(,"This centers on unironic notions of coming to grips with guilt. <br /><br />Merrill berates the distraught boy to stop his 'whining' about Rennie's death. Old-style real men in action),-1.0
(,"This film is about a grieving wife who lost her husband through suicide. She is tormented by her son who refused to speak after that.<br /><br />Child grief is rarely explored on film),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This film is about the worst I have seen in a very long time. Terence Stamp's talent is totally wasted and just about the only thing that I enjoyed was hearing a favorite song of mine),-1.0
(,"This film really disappointed me. The acting is atrocious. Unbelievable. And it's about actors. The story is incredibly obvious: A group of independent actors stage a Passion Play and),-2.0
(,"This has got to be the worst horror movie I have ever seen. I remember watching it years ago when it initially came out on video and for some strange reason I thought I enjoyed it. So),-2.0
(,"This has to be one of the worst films I have ever seen. The DVD was given to me free with an order I placed online for non DVD related items.<br /><br />No wonder they were given away),-1.0
(,"This in-name-only sequel to the classic ROADHOUSE has a DEA agent (John Schaech) coming to the rescue of his uncle (Will Patton) when the uncle is badly beaten up by a local drug gang),-1.0
(,"This is absolutely the most stupidest movie ever produced in front of a camera. I cant believe I was gullable enough to rent this piece of junk. I have seen some bad movies in my time),-3.0
(,"This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen in the cinema!! Could not wait for it to end. To make matters worse it is given a 12A certificate so you do not see anyone getting shot),-1.6666666666666667
(,"What often threatens to turn into a soppy and soft-headed drama about misunderstood middle-class youth ends up a surprisingly shaded and subdued movie by John Frankenheimer (his first),-2.0
(,"""Admissions"" is a fine drama even though they're are some problems with the ending. Lauren Ambrose plays Evie who is trying to avoid college. To make her overworked mother not notice),-0.3333333333333333
(,"A warning to potential viewers of this experimental film: the nature of the imagery and the effects are such that this is one of those types of films that should really be seen ON film),-3.0
(,"A young man named Court is loved by everyone. His painful bloody death brings everyone closer. You can find other symbols and allusions throughout the movie. Whether predictable or not),-0.6666666666666666
(,"After reading over all these reviews I'm very surprised to see that no one has even once noted that this show was based on the 1957 to 1960 NBC cop show ""M Squad"" starring Lee Marvin),-1.0
(,"At the first glance of this film the camera angles immediately make you think that this is a low budget film that will bore you to tears or make you press the stop button. Surprisingly),-1.6666666666666667
(,"CONGO is probably the worst big-budget movie of the 1990s. It is so bad that it is watchable over and over again. A bunch of folks with different agendas probe deep into darkest Africa),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I am shocked. Shocked and dismayed that the 428 of you IMDB users who voted before me have not given this film a rating of higher than 7. 7?!?? - that's a C!. If I could give FOBH a 20),-2.0
(,"I found this movie to be suspenseful almost from the get-go. When Miss Stanwyck starts her narration it's only a few minutes until you realize that trouble is coming. The deserted area),-2.0
(,"I rented this back in the 80's and honestly can't remember anything specific about the movie - only that it is THE worst movie I have ever seen. This isn't one of those ""it was so bad),-3.0
(,"I saw most of ""My Bollywood Bride"" today at the IAAC film festival in New York and had to leave the theater due to feelings of nausea welling up within me. I've seen Bollywood movies),-1.0
(,"It occurred to me while the final scene of the movie froze to reveal the scant detail of Buddy Holly's death that there are still people alive today who were at that venue in Clearlake),-0.5
(,"It seems a shame that Greta Garbo ended her illustrious career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous mistaken-identity marital romp. Coming off the success of her first romantic comedy),-0.5
(,"Johnny Dangerously falls completely in the hit or miss category with it's overblown gags and complete lack of a comprehensive script or story that makes ANY sense. But that's the point),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Los Angeles physician Tom Reed (Vincent Ventresca) survives a tragic auto accident but ends up going to prison in the high desert of California. When his time is up he lands in a small),-2.0
(,"Lucille Ball's version of ""Mame"" in my opinion is one of the worst performances ever saved to film. After seeing Lucy in her various sitcoms more than an astronomical number of times),-0.5
(,"Nothing will ruin a movie as much as the combination of a poor script and poor direction. This is the case with ""The Mummy's Tomb.""<br /><br />The script is leftover ideas from older),-2.0
(,"Now don't get me wrong. If you need an insightful summary of everything that been wrong with the history of human civilization as well as a flawless path to brighter future for mankind),-2.0
(,"The Fiendish Plot of Dr. Fu Manchu starring Peter Sellers in a spoof of the characters created by Sax Rohmer is an injustice to the end of Sellers' career. The plot was very simplistic),-2.0
(,"The best thing I can say about ""Quintet"" is that it's not quite as bad as I remembered it being on my first viewing.<br /><br />But that doesn't mean it's good.<br /><br />This weird),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This film is like an allegory of the gospel. It has such direct honesty and innocence you can not possibly believe it was made after the world war when Italy was ravaged and devastated),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This movie really has no beginning or end. And it's really VERY unbelievable. Mary-K and Ashley are supposed to be interns working in a mailing room for an Italian fashion company. But),-1.0
(,"This movie was terrible. The acting was awful. The script was awful. What was even worse were the camera shots and sound. Half the time the voices did not match up with the actors lips),-3.0
(,"This was the eighth and final Columbia Whistler film and the only one without Richard Dix who had retired from movies and was to die the following year. It's still a competent thriller),-0.5
(,"Thunderball and Never are two of the biggest box office misses and Never is a surprise farce from Empire Strikes Back hero Irvin Kershner. Klaus Maria Brandauer seems to steal the show),-0.3333333333333333
(,"What i hate most in this garbage is the arrogant attitude of the film makers and network execs who foist this nonsense on the public because they really think the audience is so stupid),-2.25
(,"Yeah i saw the rough cuts. The unedited sex scenes. The dire cut scenes. Almost on a par with the film 'The Need' for awful acting. This movie is as bad as bad films get.the bad script),-2.6666666666666665
(,"beyond the fact crazy people exist and there are religious nuts out there.<br /><br />The characters basically make no sense most of the time.<br /><br />The film has no real beginning),-1.75
(,"An ultra-modern house in an affluent neighborhood appears to be the cause of each of its inhabitants bizarre (and deadly) behavior. Or at least that is what Lara Flynn Boyle's character),-2.0
(,"Atmosphere and droll dialog don't redeem this overrated classic. Boyer is a French thief hiding in the Casbah of Algiers while the police try to figure out how to get him out. Meanwhile),-1.0
(,"Disney has yet to meet a movie it couldn't make at least two sequels about. And this one was no exception to the people at Disney to give a weak story to receive a quick reward. Somehow),-1.5
(,"Have seen this movie today. Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist. The most sad things are:<br /><br />1. It's very slow. <br /><br />2. How Ghengis-khan),-2.0
(,"Hmmm...where to start? How does a serious actress like Demi Moore got involved in such crap? ""First blood"" might be rated as bull***t but this type of nonsense is just Rambo with tits),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I bought this DVD for my young son who loves the ToyStory movies. I never expected it to be in the same league as the Toystory movies but what I got was just another lazy Disney cartoon),-1.0
(,"I give this movie 2 stars purely because of its slightly liberal plot line. Without going into too much detail.<br /><br />The acting in this movie is terrible. Really terrible - wooden),-3.0
(,"I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this movie. Other than the mother being a complete moron on a few occasions and the youngest daughter being idiotic enough to go out at night),-3.0
(,"I remembered this awful movie I bought at Camelot music store in the summer of 1989 when I was visiting my Grandparents. It was a time when I had just discovered movies like Re-Animator),-0.5
(,"I was worried that my daughter might get the wrong idea. I think the ""Dark-Heart"" character is a little on the rough side and I don't like the way he shape-shifts into a ""mean"" frog),-1.0
(,"Needed an excuse to get out of the house while paint dried - left the movie after an hour to return and watch the paint dry.<br /><br />I don't recall ever walking out on a movie before),-1.0
(,"Something to Sing About was produced at Grand National Studios where James Cagney was working while under a contract dispute with the brothers Warner. He did two films for this B studio),-2.0
(,"The most enjoyable pet movie since Scooby Doo and Garfield. The story revolves around a 23 year old inventor named Brian Foster whose systems at his boss's company seems to keep failing),-2.0
(,"This is a rip-roaring British comedy movie and one that i could watch over and over again without growing tired. Peter Ustinov has never performed in a bad role and this is no exception),-0.5
(,"This is one of those films you can have on for a couple of hours on a Sunday morning -- able to do other things with no real complications in losing any understanding of the proceedings),-2.0
(,"This movie has received a lot of bad press from people who don't understand what it was meant to be. One must understand that this movie was never meant to be taken seriously. It's camp),-3.0
(,"What a piece of stupid tripe.<br /><br />I won't even waste time evaluating any of the points of this show. It's not worth the time. The one comment I will make is - why get such a DUMB),-0.3333333333333333
(,"****Probably will contain spoilers****<br /><br />After a successful attempt to get attention (I would not call making sure that you get help before you die a ""failed suicide attempt"")),-0.4
(,"A bus full of passengers is stuck during a snow storm. The police have closed the bridge--saying it's unsafe and they are stuck in a little café until the road has been cleared. However),-2.0
(,"DON'T LOOK IN THE BASEMENT This little forgotten gem holds a special place in my heart and on the Video Nasties List. The flute-sitar-rattle box soundtrack is classic. The main character),-1.0
(,"Definitely the worst movie I have ever seen... Can somebody tell me where should have I laughed? There's not a single hint or shadow of an idea. The three leading actors are pestilential),-3.0
(,"Director/star Clint Eastwood's ""Sudden Impact"" is an intriguing addition to the ""Dirty Harry"" series - a combination of crude film-making and genius. It's mediocre and silly in parts),-1.0
(,"Every once in a long while a movie will come along that will be so awful that I feel compelled to warn people. If I labor all my days and I can save but one soul from watching this movie),-0.5
(,"Forget the campy 'religious' movies that have monopolized the television/film market... this movie has a real feel to it. While it may be deemed as a movie that has cheap emotional draws),-2.0
(,"I saw ZP when it was first released and found it a major disappointment. Its script seemed forced and arch and too fakey '60s. It's politics too upfront and ridiculous. And let's face it),-1.0
(,"I saw this at the screening at GenCon in Indy. I had some time to kill and decided to check it out. It played to about 1000 people in a packed standing-room-only ballroom.<br /><br />Wow),-3.0
(,"I ve finished seeing the movie 10 minutes ago..WoW i still cant believe what i've watched.<br /><br />This is absolutely the worst movie EVER. If i would list all the flaws in the movie ),-3.0
(,"I would have liked to put 0.5 but unfortunately I can't. Who can write so bad scripts (I saw the movie five seconds and knew the ""bad boy"" would be Sutherland - needed to pay his taxes),-1.25
(,"In a college dorm a guy is killed by somebody with a scythe. His girlfriend Beth (Dorie Barton) discovers him and tries to commit suicide. She's institutionalized. A year later she's out),-1.0
(,"The film is a gross misrepresentation of Orthodox lifestyle and practice. NEVER will a Jewish court enforce a divorce between childless couples. Although the concept exists in Jewish law),-2.0
(,"The movie opens with a flashback to Doddsville County High School on April Fool's Day. A group of students play a prank on class nerd Marty. When they are punished for playing said prank),-2.0
(,"The only reason I even gave it a 1 out of 10 is because the option to give it zero out of 10 was not allowed. This was the biggest waste of time I've ever endured. For roughly 75 minutes),-1.0
(,"There's one line that makes it worth to rent for Angel fans. Everyone else: this is just a very bad horror flick. The female characters are typical horror movies females. They are wooden),-0.5
(,"Thinking that it could only get better was the worst assumption I ever made....<br /><br />Drivvle does not describe this movie appropriately enough!<br /><br />Not only is the plot thin),-0.5
(,"This 1997 film-blanc classic tale of smoldering passion has achieved its well-deserved legendary status as one of the screen's greatest sagas of a doomed and hopeless love. The pervasive),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This film has ""haunted"" me since I saw it when I was about 8 years old. I didn't know what it was called so am so pleased to have tracked it down finally. I remember being quite scared),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This is what we can do to each other. This is the sort that everbody should see at least once.<br /><br />It does not glorify world. It shows that it is the everyday person who is killed),-3.0
(,"This movie has some of the worst acting I've ever seen. Dennis Quaid's performance was high school caliber. While it's difficult to portray an off-the-wall character like Jerry Lee Lewis),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Truly awful nonsensical garbage. This movie does everything wrong except make the running time under an hour. The gore FX defy gravity & logic. There are no scares. The acting is abysmal),-2.0
(,"What the movie The 60s really represents (to those of us who growled around in the belly of America in those times) is the turbulence and diversity of the decade. Despite the exaggerated),-2.0
(,"Wow... just... wow. There are a lot of reviews on this movie already but I wanted to add some comments of my own. I agree with most reviewers who have said this movie has terrible acting),-1.0
(,"(Warning: spoilers! -- although it's hard to spoil this film by telling story details.)<br /><br />Eisenstein's black and white propaganda film is not for everyone. It's very old and it's),-1.5
(,"CAUTION SPOILER: At the end of the movie it is announced that the bridge collapsed just a few days after it was captured. The impression is that the attack was all for nothing. In reality),-1.5
(,"Does anything at all happen in this movie. There are only the bizarre short scenes where I didn't know what the hell was going on so that doesn't count. This movie is sooo boring it hurts),-2.75
(,"I haven't seen anything this bad since I walked out of the James Bond movie ""Moonraker"" twenty years ago. I managed to sit through the entirety of this one only because of Tilda Swinton),-3.0
(,"I ordered this movie on the Internet as it is very difficult to get Turkish movies where we live. I've heard so much about the TV series from my friends and practically everyone in Turkey),-1.0
(,"I saw this at a drive-in when I was 9. All I remember are a few scenes (the ones where the main character Elle is being chased by a guy in a mask) and being scared spitless. Seeing it now),-2.0
(,"I think that most everyone wants to believe that extraordinary things exist and this film shows no restraint in trying to exploit that to the fullest. The presentation is very interesting),-0.3333333333333333
(,"If at least the cruelty and drawn out deaths had a purpose to the story to justify their inclusion but the script was just unintelligible and just plain stupid.<br /><br />It went nowhere),-3.0
(,"In a time when the constitution and principals the United States were founded on are trampled underfoot by an administration desperate to distract attention from its own internal problems),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Isn't it depressing how the most violent cartoon on Cartoon Network is aimed at girls? While I'm not watching soldiers getting shot and blown up on Saving Private Ryan or Band of Brothers),-2.5
(,"Page 3 is most definitely a very enthralling and captivating eye-opener that very cleverly exposes the hypocrite lifestyles of Mumbai's elite. From the fake kisses to the plastered smiles),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The violent and rebel twenty-five years old sailor Antwone Fisher (Derek Luke) is sent to three sessions for evaluation with the navy psychiatrist Dr. Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington)),-3.0
(,"This is a horrible movie. All three stories are bracketed with a psychiatrist hypnotist line which is unnecessary and all the stories are bad. The first is about wild wolves and some lady),-3.0
(,"This is the kind of movie you regret you put in your VCR. It is some weird bad rip off version of Stephen kings movie ""Misery (1990)"". I cannot understand how this movie got a 5.2 score),-1.25
(,"This video contains an outsmart way to confuse and manipulate Americans about Islam. It's a pity that the people who did it really believe that American people is so dumb to believe in it),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This was quite possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. I watched it with a large group of friends and after it was over not a one of us understood the plot. Aside from the lack of plot),-2.5
(,"What a total lump of poopoo this was! You've got to be kidding people! Any positive reviews of this movie are plants or insiders from the movie makers themselves! yuuck! disgusting movie!),-0.5
(,"What starts off fairly well (and quite disturbing) quickly sinks into an annoying mess.<br /><br />Dee Snider (of Twisted Sister infamy) apparently penned the screenplay from his own idea),-2.0
(,"While the acting and directing could be argued as having some merit - the storyline is a very poor wannabe Vietnam movie with the country name simply changed.<br /><br />At the very least),-2.0
(,"80's sleazy (glam)rock is like 90's house music or current boybands: it's boring and has no ideas or ideals. The only thing that makes it a bit 'cult' nowadays is that it's a long time ago),-0.6666666666666666
(,"A friend once told me that an art-house independent film ran in a cinema when- upon the closing of the film - audiences were so enraged they preceded to tear up the cinema seats. Of course),-2.0
(,"After having seen the movie the first question arising in my mind was: Is this supposed to be irony or not? After reading a few comments about the character Doc Savage and the comic series),-1.0
(,"Don't drink the cool-aid.<br /><br />This is an opinion piece disguised as a documentary. And to title it as a ""truth"" is just plain crap. The debate over global warming is far from over),-1.0
(,"I also made the mistake of thinking that I was going to see the 2003 Swimming Upstream with Geoffry Rush. This was worse then a lot of student films that I have seen. The script was forced),-2.0
(,"I had never heard of this one before the owner of my local DVD rental outlet mentioned it to me; being a 1980s horror flick with the notorious distinction of having been banned in the U.K.),-2.0
(,"It's been 3 months and you know what that means...A new Seagal movie. Seagal has really been on role making horrible film after horrible film. Each time every movie getting worse and worse),-3.0
(,"It's hard to know exactly what to say about this ever so bland and dull little film. The story is predictable when not completely laughable. It's all a matter of ""dutiful gestures"" which),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Korea's answer to ""I Know What You Did Last Summer"" follows a similar story route to its American counterpart: one year after a group of high school friends accidentally kill a classmate),-2.5
(,"My life is about saving animals. I do volunteer work with a cat rescue organization. I am a vegetarian because I couldn't kill an animal even to sustain my life. I can't even kill a spider),-1.3333333333333333
(,"My only problem with The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is that the movie does not take the time to properly introduce Wallace and Gromit to those not familiar with Park's short films. Strangely),-2.0
(,"People may say I am harsh but I can't help it. The movie is so bad I was absolutely stunned. The first movie was bad enough if you ask me. It was greatly exaggerated and silly but this one),-1.5
(,"SWING! is an important film because it's one of the remaining Black-produced and acted films from the 1930s. Many of these films have simply deteriorated so badly that they are unwatchable),-0.5
(,"The ""gangster"" genre is now a worn subject one that is too often subjected to parody. In retrospect the series is a culmination of previous clichés that have been utilized in it's genre),-1.0
(,"The Toxic Avenger... <br /><br />The idea of this movie is that a person that the common population would call this person a looser and then after being thrown into a barrel of toxic waste),-1.0
(,"The bad news is it's still really dreadful. I gave it a 2 because occasionally some of this kitchy slapstick parody actually seems funny.<br /><br />It's supposed to be better than ""Mulva),-0.5
(,"The dead spots and picture-postcard superficiality of ""Out of Africa"" just about buried any interest I might have had to read Isak Dinesen. So when my brother bought me ""Babette's Feast),-1.0
(,"The main problem with 9th Company (9 Rota) is that it is not sure whether it wants to be Saving Private Ryan or Full Metal Jacket. The attempts at Spielberg sentimentalism are embarrassing),-2.0
(,"This ensemble piece about adults who return to the formulative Summer camp of their youth was a very quiet entrant and exiter to the cinemas in the Autumn of 1993. I'd say that was a shame),-2.0
(,"This episode had potential. The basic premise of a woman living next door to an empty apartment (but a phone that constantly rings) is somewhat interesting. And when she explores the noise),-1.0
(,"This film is in no way entertainment but more of a look deep into the depths of the darkest side of human behaviour. Loosely linking a half a dozen stories of the worst kind of depravities),-1.0
(,"This film was utter tripe. Possible that it is in fact a pollution. The subtle tense atmosphere of the original remake are no where to be seen. Sarah Michelle Gellar is given nothing to do),-1.5
(,"Tsui Hark's visual artistry is at its peek in this movie. Unfortunately the terrible acting by Ekin Cheng and especially Cecilia Cheung (I felt the urge to strangle her while watching this),-3.0
(,"Valentine is a horrible movie. This is what I thought of it:<br /><br />Acting: Very bad. Katherine Heigl can not act. The other's weren't much better.<br /><br />Story: The story was okay),-3.0
(,"Well this movie is amazingly awful. I felt sorry for the actors involved in this project because I'm sure they did not write their lines. Which were sometimes delivered with slight sarcasm),-1.0
(,"Where is it written that sequels must suck? Scream 2 didn't! Others didn't! But this one sure did... problems include horrible actors (only Christopher Walken could act in the entire film)),-2.5
(,"i am 13 and i hated this film its the worst film on earth i totally wasted my time watching it and was disappointed with it cause on the cover and on the back the film it looks pretty good),-1.0
(,"""Jaded"" takes on the complex question of abuse: the perpetrators and the victims. In lesser hands it would have degenerated into an erotic thriller made for direct-to-video. This director),-2.0
(,"After watching many of the ""Next Action Star"" reality TV eps TiVo taped this gawd-awful tripe for me. For some bizarre reason - and I only have myself to blame - I watched the whole thing),-2.0
(,"Family problems abound in real life and that is what this movie is about. Love can hold the members together through out the ordeals and trials and that is what this movie is about. One man),-2.0
(,"I have NEVER EVER seen such a bad movie before. The scene where they shoot some guy.. The pistol don`t even shoot. Damn that is baad. The scene with the boy is even not that good. no script),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I saw this film in the worst possible circumstance. I'd already missed 15 minutes when I woke up to it on an international flight between Sydney and Seoul. I didn't know what I was watching),-2.5
(,"I stumbled across this movie late at night on TV. My brother and I could not stop laughing at how God awful this movie is. The crappy sound effects whenever White Ninja or Black Ninja punch),-1.0
(,"I usually steer clear of TV movies because of the many ways you know that it's TV movies five seconds into the picture. This one got my attention because of the unusual title and its gloomy),-0.5
(,"I would probably not have bothered to comment on this film if I had not been disturbed by the constant references made to it here in North America as a porn film. Our obsession with what is),-2.0
(,"If this film had a budget of 20 million I'd just like to know where the money went. A monkey could make better CGI effects then what was wasted for 3 hours on this dreadful piece of garbage),-0.25
(,"One of the worst shows of all time. The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for. The fat computer geek was unbelievable),-1.75
(,"Rating: *1/2 out of ****<br /><br />""The Net"" is one of those films that won't remain in your mind till the next one hour. Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is. It's a mediocre),-3.0
(,"That's the sound of Stan and Ollie spinning in their graves.<br /><br />I won't bother listing the fundamental flaws of this movie as they're so obvious they go without saying. Small things),-2.0
(,"The main premise for this movie is every woman's fantasy: a vagina that kills and eats men. Well at least it is a fantasy for every woman who has ever had a fight against a man. What's that),-2.0
(,"The original Australian Kath & Kim is brilliant. Why do American producers need to remake & ruin yet another classic show? Remember the original version of ""The Office"" with Ricky Gervais),-2.0
(,"The reviews I read for this movie were pretty decent so I decided to check it out. BAD IDEA! This is another movie about a ghost out for revenge against a group friends. The story is stupid),-1.0
(,"This film reminds me very much of the later Rock Hudson film MAN'S FAVORITE SPORT--about a fishing writer who has NEVER fished and is forced into entering a fishing tournament. In this case),-1.0
(,"This is absolutely the worst movie I have ever seen. I hope the REAL family and other portrayed characters have lawyers suing the hell out of VH1 for there portrayal. The acting is horrible),-2.0
(,"This is by far the worst and most stupid show I have ever seen on TV. It is almost physically painful to watch an adult (well in his twenties) doing nothing but torture and mock his parents),-2.75
(,"This movie was the second movie I saw on the cinema as a child. It scared the living crap out of me. So much so that I asked my father if we could leave halfway through.<br /><br />Nowadays),-2.0
(,"This murder mystery with musical numbers is long on atmosphere and character but rather short on suspense and plausibility. Based on a stage play by Broadway showman Earl Carroll and others),-2.0
(,"'Oldboy' director Park Chun-wook returns with what must be one of the yuckiest and at the same time most serious vampire flicks in movie history.<br /><br />Trusting the latest Hollywood fad),-2.0
(,"*THIS REVIEW MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS... OR MAYBE NOT. THE WARNING IS THE SAME FOR ALL*<br /><br />Dang it. Just when I thought that SCIFI Channel had used all of its ridiculous ideas for movies),-3.0
(,"A very bad attempt at a young spinal tap. At least the music in spinal tap was good.<br /><br />This is really a very sad case of Hollywood nepotism at it's worst. A bunch of Hollywood execs),-2.5
(,"Anyone who thinks anime is nothing but sex and violence will be silenced forever after watching this movie. This is a fine movie that tells about Tetsuro's quest to avenge his mother's death),-1.0
(,"Brainless film about two girls and some guys they meet in an airport getting on the wrong late night shuttle bus and ending up in a whole world of trouble. Great twists and turns are totally),-2.0
(,"Catherine Brreillat is a French director who loves to provoke her audience. She takes us along to witness how a film is done on location. The movie in production seems to be based on herself),-1.0
(,"Do not bother to waste your money on this movie. Do not even go into your car and think that you might see this movie if any others do not appeal to you. If you must see a movie this weekend),-1.5
(,"Firstly this has nothing to do with the much better 18 weapons of Kung Fu starring Gordon Liu. I mention this as my Kung Fu Theater presents DVD has a totally misleading picture on the cover),-0.5
(,"Following the collapse of Yesilcam (Turkey's answer to Hollywood) in the mid '90s few but the most prescient of observers could have foreseen such a recent pique in the Turkish film industry),-2.0
(,"I can't understand why many IMDb users don't like this movie. Why they think it's sooooo bad etc. It's not worse than anything else out there. Personally I think ""Soldier"" is a great movie),-0.25
(,"I endured this film just to satisfy my curiosity. It has to be one of the worst films I have ever sat through. I am amazed that this film currently has a 7.5 star rating. The acting is awful),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I sat down to watch this movie with my friends with very low expectations. My expectations were no where near low enough. I honestly could not tell what genre this movie was from watching it),-1.0
(,"I work at the video store that rents this video in Lexington and I must say...it should have never been made. I even know some of the people who worked on it who regret doing so. Bad effects),-2.0
(,"I'm no Jane Austen purist but why make a film like this if you have nothing to say.<br /><br />Billie Piper was so wrong for the part it is difficult to know where to begin-wrong personality),-0.5
(,"I've often wondered just how much CASPER was meant for children...with all the issues revolving around his identity (in this film we are lead to believe that he is the spirit of a dead child),-1.0
(,"Ladies and Gentlemen.. Be sad (or be glad !).. We are in the disgusting forensic T.V Series-ERA !! Now count with me and anathematize our Luck :<br /><br />""CSI: Crime Scene Investigation""),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Largely forgettable tale in which mercenary Kerman & employer Agren travel into the jungle in search of Agren's missing sister.<br /><br />Despite its connection to the cannibal movie family),-2.0
(,"Neal N Nikki is voted on of the Worst films of the year by Planetbollywood. Its hard to believe the famous Chopra's have produced this lousy movie. It was presented as a movie for the family),-1.0
(,"Oh what a disappointment this movie is. I can't believe it was directed by Wajda. There's practically no plot and 90% of the movie consists of various people walking in and out of the screen),-1.5
(,"Perhaps the worst thing about Carlos Mencia's comedy is that every joke needs to be followed with an insult at the people in the crowd that aren't laughing. If there's anybody who's insecure),-0.8
(,"The Drug Years actually suffers from one of those aspects to mini-series or other kinds of TV documentaries run over and over again for a couple of weeks on TV. It's actually not long enough),-2.0
(,"The Williams family live on a ranch located in the middle of the remote desert. They find themselves in considerable peril when the place is suddenly thrust into a time vortex where the past),-2.0
(,"The biggest problem with ""In Search of Historic Jesus"" is that there is very little search to it at all. Shick-Sunn produced these ""documentary"" films in the 1970s and just into the '80s),-2.0
(,"This is just one of those films which cannot justify much of anything that happens. These people are going on a trek: the young girl wants to photograph animals. There really are no Piranhas),-1.0
(,"This movie shows how savage the troubles really are. People who do not want to be involved have no say in the way their lives are altered. This movie shows how the people of Northern Ireland),-0.6666666666666666
(,"""Son of the Mask"" is a terrible excuse of a movie. I went to see this with my friend and I still wish we had seen ""Because of Winn-Dixie"" instead. I must say that it is partially my fault),-1.0
(,"*WARNING* Possible spoilers below<br /><br />The film is more boring then anything else. There seems to be some attempt to build tension through badly lit shots of empty rooms and empty lawns),-1.8
(,"An intense thriller about a mute movie make-up artist who witnesses a snuff film being made when she is working late in the studio one night. After she tries to get away from the murder scene),-0.5
(,"I actually saw this movie in the theater back in it's original release. It was painful to watch Peter Sellers embarrass himself so badly. The story was incredibly lame and difficult to follow),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I borrowed this movie from library think it might be delightful. How wrong am I!<br /><br />It is such a bad movie that I have to write something about it. Mira Sorvino is SO bad in the movie),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I don't know what it is about this movie- director Sam Mraovich somehow messed up just about every little aspect in this movie. I would normally say that this is a movie that should not exist),-2.0
(,"I just saw this movie and it turns out to be pretty lame just as mentioned by other user reviews and the one thing that bothered me the most was the southern accent some of the characters had),-1.0
(,"I think that this movie was reasonbaly good. It's kinda weird that now the Olsen twins are 13 and have boyfriends and all. I enjoyed them alot when they were little kids on Full House. Anyway),-2.0
(,"It's really rare that you get an inside view at a media deception that has been so widely reported as official ""truth"" and caught so many ""news"" agencies with their pants down. This movie),-3.0
(,"Mild Spoilers<br /><br />....and that's 'top ten of all time.' I stumbled across 'Two Hands' by accident (maybe that made it all the more special -- no inflated expectations) on IFC one night),-1.5
(,"My Take: Yet another lame PG-13 horror movie with predictable scare tactics and a derivative plot.<br /><br />The spirits move. The walls creak. There's something wrong in the basement. These),-2.0
(,"My main criticism with the movie is the animation. I totally agree with everyone else it was very poor. Some of the characters seemed to have darker skin tones than they did in the first film),-0.5
(,"No words can describe my utter hatred for this appalling rendition of the BTK killer. Rating this film one out of ten compliments this truly disastrous excuse for a film. From start to finish),-2.0
(,"The film quickly gets to a major chase scene with ever increasing destruction. The first really bad thing is the guy hijacking Steven Seagal would have been beaten to pulp by Seagal's driving),-2.5
(,"The future of fantasy never looked so dark! Christopher Lambert gets to fight the evil demon Grendel in this grim looking trashy fantasy-epos. ""Epos"" I said? Er... there's only one location),-2.0
(,"There are no spoilers for this film as nothing could be written that could make it any worse! The dictionary definition of ""puerile"" should now read: ""sex lives of the potato men""! Unless),-1.0
(,"There's not much anyone can say about this flick....the plot is quite simple: Two police officers (who also happen to be lovers) are using a brothel as a stakeout in order to catch a criminal),-3.0
(,"This is a flic that you can safely avoid. childish plot and poor acting from Cameron (she really shouldn't take on these serious roles - they don't suit her)Besides she looks most unglamorous),-1.0
(,"This silly movie is really fun for the younger audiences. Its heros are a couple of dud detectives whose sophomoric attitudes lead them down some very silly roads. Chasing the big murder case),-0.16666666666666666
(,"Three words: What a pile..... Two words: Don't bother! One word: Sucked! There are zero reasons to see this movie. Even those Seagal groupies should shy away from this movie. The martial arts),-1.0
(,"What a strange atmosphere is being created in the streets and on the Golden Gate Bridge of San Francisco in this exciting action picture. Although the characters and the story are in fact bad),-0.3333333333333333
(,"What keeps us going - or at least what I feel the writer wanted us to keep us glued at an early point is our desire to know whether Martinaud has done the dirty deed. Without spoiling so much),-0.5
(,"Where do we start with an offering like this? I nearly said film but that would be going a step too far. The only thing hellish about this film is that it is certainly a marriage made in hell),-1.0
(,"i just watched the movie i was afraid it's gonna disappoint me. i was rather surprised at the end though. The American pie franchise is still in my favorite franchise movies of all times. yes),-0.25
(,"*** SPOILERS***<br /><br />One of the worst films I've seen since last years ""The Village."" An insult to anyone of any intelligence at all. Poorly written and astonishingly contrived. Nobody),-2.5
(,"1930's comedy mystery about ""The Crooked Circle"" a band of hooded crooks who set about plotting the murder of some one who swore to oppose them. Enjoyable but really unremarkable little film),-0.5
(,"A Lassie movie which should have been ""put to sleep"".... FOREVER. That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film. So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull),-2.0
(,"Any one who has seen Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ and was bothered by the gory violence would want to see this film instead. Though it wasn't a success in th box office or TV ratings),-0.5
(,"Big (and we mean plus sized big) baddie Sebastian Cabot is trying to run salt of the earth farmers off their land in order to get the oil rights. When sea faring Sterling Haden's pop is killed),-1.0
(,"Critics need to review what they class as a quality movie. I think the critics have seen too many actions films and have succumbed to the Matrix style of films. Europa is a breath of fresh air),-0.5
(,"Did the first travesty actually make money? This is another sequel (along the lines of ANOTHER STAKEOUT) that no one asked for. But we've received it anyway. The sequel is like its predecessor),-0.3333333333333333
(,"During the Civil war a wounded union soldier hides out in a isolated Confederate ladies' school; where the head mistress and the teacher of the school decide to care for him and keep him about),-0.5
(,"I mistakenly thought that this neo-noir effort from the Buffalo - Niagara Falls area might be something different. Unfortunately I was incorrect. There are are many problems with ""The Falls""),-2.0
(,"I went it to see this film with caution. A suicidal ""comedy"" didn't seem consistent. Having a brother who is has attempted suicide and seeing the devastation that has caused our whole family),-1.0
(,"It really doesn't matter that Superman comic books are unbelievably naive and their target is ten year old. What matters is that ""Superman Returns"" is bad movie. <br /><br />In the beginning),-0.75
(,"It's not just that the movie is lame. It's more than that. This movie is just unnecessary. Do we need another Western? How about a western with afro-Americans in the titles roles? Sound stupid),-2.0
(,"Kirsten Dunst is terribly overrated as an actress. You can tell always she's just ""acting"". I like Izzard though. Plot is awfully boring. The viewer has no real connections to the characters),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Let me tell you something...this movie exceeds all of the Troma laugh and gore movies hands down as it ACTUALLY TRIES TO COME ACROSS AS A SERIOUS MOVIE. From the terrible acting... ""I knew it),-1.0
(,"My mother and I rented this gem a few years ago while she was here visiting for Thanksgiving. I have rarely laughed so hard. This is a typical low-budget horror movie with dumb special effects),-1.0
(,"Oh my God what the hell happened here?!! I'm not going to say this again but what sort of backward movie is this? The dubbing in this is way worst than the dubbing in ""King Kong vs Godzilla""),-3.5
(,"There are many so-called anti-war/anti-govt. policy films around now which start off as a mea culpa and end with 'our poor boys are getting hell out there so let the world sympathise with them),-3.0
(,"This film about secret government mind experiments and the corrupt use of the citizenry by secretive and vile shadowy figures had the potential for being a really interesting movie. But for me),-0.5
(,"This is an OK film but lacks any real depth either emotionally or in terms of story telling.<br /><br />The story is based on real events and this limits the amount of action to virtually none),-1.0
(,"...But it definitely still only deserves 4/10 stars and no more. A moronic dumb kid's father is a fighter pilot who gets shot down by some Arab country. They never name the country in the movie),-2.0
(,"...so where's my friggin trophy? I seriously expected a banner and confetti to drop from my ceiling for watching a full 30 minutes of that crap. Comedy Central is truly dropping the ball lately),-1.0
(,"A friend of mine who has a mysterious knack for finding and - horrors! - liking bad movies recommended I watch 'The Pest.' At the time unaware of just how truly pathetic his taste in movies was),-1.25
(,"A poor basketball movie. A gruff coach with a dubious background comes to a small Indiana high school basketball team in the 1950's and coaches the boys to victory by ""breaking them down first),-2.0
(,"Cops Logan Alexander and Debbie Rochon escort five black juvenile delinquents cross country and end up stranded out in the sticks when their van breaks down. After a deadly run-in with a racist),-3.0
(,"How in the name of decency did this film ever get made? <br /><br />One presumes the subtitles merely say 'awful' on every single frame of this truly dismal effort.<br /><br />Horrendous acting),-2.0
(,"I am fifteen years old and have seen thirty-three of Sinatra's films (not counting videos of TV shows and documentaries) and have been unimpressed by only two of them. ''Till the Clouds Roll By),-2.0
(,"I do not find this show at all funny. I actually think it is much worse than any of the other terrible Disney channel sit-coms right now. Charlotte Arnold is an interesting choice to play Sadie),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I picked up TRAN SCAN from the library and brought it home. We have considered taking a trip out east and thought it would give us a feel of what it was like. The film was a total waste of time),-1.0
(,"Leland Fitzgerald (Ryan Gosling) is sent to jail for the murder of an autistic kid. When pressured with the question 'Why?' he doesn't have an answer. While in jail he meets Pearl (Don Cheadle)),-2.0
(,"Mad Magazine may have a lot of crazy people working for it...but obviously someone there had some common sense when the powers-that-be disowned this waste of celluloid...the editing is el crapo),-1.5
(,"Really started the 80s trend of disgusting violence masquerading as a ""horror film"". I was the target audience for this repellent piece of trash and I was disgusted then as now.<br /><br />Oh),-3.0
(,"The biggest tragedy surrounding this thoroughly delightful movie is its lack of U.S. distribution. I was fortunate enough to see this film at the Boston International Festival of Women's Cinema),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The first few minutes of ""The Bodyguard"" do have a campy charm: it opens with crawling text from the Bible (the part that Samuel Jackson recites to his soon-to-be victims in ""Pulp Fiction"")),-3.0
(,"There were so many things wrong with this movie i have trouble keeping them all straight. But one thing that really bothers me is that if Jigsaw was the one laying on the ground in the bathroom),-2.0
(,"This brief review contains no spoilers since the movie spoils itself. It is wooden and pedantic. It has no saving grace whatsoever. If someone invites you to his house to watch ""Mr. Imperium""),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This extremely bargain-basement Blaxploitation/Kung-Fu hybrid was in my country released by a questionable DVD label that usually speaking just occupies with the transfer of pure crap onto disc),-2.5
(,"This film moved me at age 39 in the same way that all the footage and coverage of Dogtown affected me when I was 13. For all of those who criticized the self promotion of the Z boys interviewed),-1.5
(,"This film was just absolutly brilliant. It actually made me think. During the whole movie I was confused as hell. I loved everything about it...it was just so confusing and so twisted and weird),-0.75
(,"This is the single worst movie I have ever seen. Let me say that again: THIS IS THE SINGLE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN.<br /><br />It had all of the ear-marks of a bad movie: continuity errors),-2.6666666666666665
(,"This movie is crappy beyond any limits. It's incredible - a very bad ripoff from Jaws and other (better) shark movies. A really bad one - everything is really pathetic. The story is purest crap),-1.75
(,"This movie really sucks. This is my second review because its so bad. The girl on the cover is hot but the girl in the movie is not. I cant believe it was rated R there is basiaclly no violence),-2.0
(,"This movie which was released directly on video should carry a warning label that it is dangerous to human health and may subject the viewer to terminal boredom. It is yet another thinly veiled),-3.0
(,"Do not waste your time or your money on this movie. My roommate rented it because she thought it was the other movie called Descent (the flick about some travelers who get trapped in a cave). so),-1.5
(,"Hollywood movie industry is the laziest one in the entire world. It only needs a single hit to flood theaters with the same old crap re-invented over and over again. Take superheroes for example),-3.0
(,"I don't know why this conduct was ever tolerated in the movie business! This movie (short) is gross (to say the least)! It is a bunch of 5-7 year old children wearing diapers with big bobby pins),-0.5
(,"I enjoyed this film yet hated it because I wanted to help this guy! I am in my fifties and have a lot of friends in the music business...who are now still trying to become adults....no more fans),-0.5
(,"I had the terrible misfortune of having to view this ""b-movie"" in it's entirety.<br /><br />All I have to say is--- save your time and money!!! This has got to be the worst b-movie of all time),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I haven't seen the first two - only this one which is called Primal Species in England. I don't think I'll be bothering to look them out though.<br /><br />This is an awful film. Terrible acting),-3.0
(,"I must admit that this is one of the few Lou Costello films that I actually saw in the theater. Most have now been seen on T.V. and I must admit that Lou is really enjoyable and he gets the girl),-1.0
(,"I rented this film from Netflix for two reasons - I was in the mood for what I thought would be a silly '50s sci-fi-asco and because it is the first feature-length Superman film. Needless to say),-1.0
(,"I wished I'd taped MEN IN WHITE so I could watch it again<br /><br />"" What ? You mean you really enjoyed it Theo ? "" <br /><br />No I mean I could watch it again to see if it was as retarded ),-2.0
(,"So far Miguel Bardem's career it's been one of the more dreadful of recent Spanish cinema. He's made nothing but rubbish... until now. ""Incautos"" has been quite a surprise: it's a serious film),-3.0
(,"Terrible!!! I don't want to be too negative but this film has an IQ of stupid monkey.What a disaster.I just couldn't believe how bad this movie is.The dialogs are just very strange and off topic),-1.4
(,"The title of my summary pretty much covers my review. <br /><br />This is to me what Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was to someone 5 years older. While I missed out on that little pop-culture wave),-0.5
(,"This documentary focuses on the happenings in Gothenburg 2001. In swedish media the demonstrators where pictured as criminals that stood for anarchy and violence. This movie shows that there not),-3.0
(,"This is quite a dull movie. Well-shot with realistic performances especially a very good one from Depardieu as a cad and bad boy with realistic locations mood and art-house connotations all over),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This quirky and watchable film is the story of a deluded dentist who starts out on his mission or crusade to fight tooth decay in the back and beyonds of Patagonia. Hailing from Northern Ireland),-1.0
(,"(Synopsis) Graduating high school senior Bartleby ""B"" Gaines (Justin Long) finds himself without a college to attend. He has been able to talk and con his way out of every problem he encounters),-2.0
(,"1st watched 7/19/2003 - 1 out of 10(Dir-Brad Sykes): Ridiculously lame 3D movie which pretty much follows the plots of many 80's teen slasher flicks. Stupid kids go to a known murderous camp site),-1.3333333333333333
(,"E. Elias Merhige's existentialist experiment in the enduring is definitely one hell of a boring watch. This is like something Alexander de Large was forced to watch in ""A Clockwork Orange."" But),-1.5
(,"I first heard of this film when Patton Oswalt talked about it on his ""Werewolves and Lollipops"" CD. He said it was a lost classic that is completely ridiculous. Being a lover of terrible cinema),-3.0
(,"I have been using IMDb for years and I never wanted to get involved in the commentary of moviesuntil now. This documentary has so many problems that I hardly know what to say. I am not a Muslim),-2.0
(,"I saw this movie because it had a giant person and was labeled as a monster movie. I do not understand why it is called a monster movie. The movie is a drama. I was expecting a lot of destruction),-3.0
(,"I think this movie can be called the movie of misdirected rage.<br /><br />The characters of Joe and Bob were relics of the WWII generation who didn't quite understand their kids opposing the war),-2.0
(,"I'm at a loss for words. This movie is beyond description. I don't believe there is a language on Earth that has a word that can describe how horrible this movie is. If you do attempt to watch it),-3.0
(,"It is difficult to imagine how the engaging Dan Brown novel ""Angels and Demons"" could misfire as badly as this film version. Here are ten reasons why the film was a failure. Due to the spoilers),-0.6666666666666666
(,"It's a sad state in corporate Hollywood when a movie surprises you by not taking routes you've been seeing in the movie house since day one. I had literally no idea how this film was going to end),-1.5
(,"It's nothing more than a weird coincidence that I decided to watch STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of the day in June 1950 when President Truman's ordered US forces into the Korean War. STARLIFT),-2.0
(,"Not only was the plot of this film contrived with the ease in which the two psychos are able to kidnap a pregnant woman without breaking a sweat but it was a terrible rip-off of 'Misery'. However),-0.5
(,"Roman Polanski plays Trelkovsky who rents an apartment in France.The previous tenant is in a hospital after a suicide attempt.He goes to see her there where he also meets Stella (Isabelle Adjani)),-2.0
(,"This is a perfect example of why many people say the 90's sucked when it comes to horror-movies. A boring voodoo-on-campus tale of terror starring the once so promising Corey Feldman (STAND BY ME),-1.0
(,"This is a weird movie about an archaeologist studying the culture of the ancient Hohokam Indians. She takes a (really fake looking) mummy out of a burial cave and brings it home to study it. Well),-2.5
(,"This may be the worst film adaptation of a Broadway musical ever. Even the music has been destroyed. Attenborough knows nothing about theater - almost every shot and moment ring false. I will say),-3.0
(,"What happens when someone has so much social anxiety that they cease to function? How alone can one man get? When the mundane crap we have to do in order to be part of society gets to be too much),-2.3333333333333335
(,"**SPOILERS** Highly charge police drama about a serial killer loose in and around the small town of Riverside Wisconsin. Who's being tracked down by the local police using policewoman Gina Pulasky),-3.0
(,"...for one of the worst Swedish movies ever...forgive me for being dull.<br /><br />First of all i haven't seen the first one (i was bored that's my reason for watching the 2nd before the 1st one)),-2.5
(,"Alien Express is one of the worst movies I've bothered to experience.<br /><br />The plot is predictable. The aliens look like rubber sock puppets. The effects would have been mediocre in the 70's),-1.0
(,"Alright! A sci-fi/horror/action B-hybrid directed by Jim Wynorski and in the final scenes we get to see a cyborg with a defleshed metal head killing off multiple people! As with any Wynorski-flick),-3.0
(,"Chucky (the murderous doll from ""Child's Play"" and 2 crappy sequels) is dead. But his ex-girlfriend Tiffany (Jennifer Tilly) gets his remains and (using ""Voodoo for Dummies"") revives him. Then),-0.5
(,"Fascinating downer about a would-be male hustler in New York City forced to live in a condemned building with a crippled con-man. Extremely bleak examination of modern-day moral and social decline),-1.5
(,"How this has not become a cult film I do not know. I think it has been sadly overlooked as a truly ingenious comedy!<br /><br />""Runaway Car"" attempts to pass itself off as a fast-paced thriller),-1.5
(,"I am ashamed to have this movie in my collection. The most redeeming factor to owning the DVD is the short film in the bonus features. My vote for this movie is a big fat ZERO. Don't misunderstand),-1.0
(,"I couldn't believe my eyes once I've watched this movie. There's no point in it either then blood and violence. Unlike other scary movies that had gore and a meaning to it this movie is just blood),-1.5
(,"I have to be honest and admit that this movie did basically nothing for me except baffle me completely. It's burdened with a plot that revolves around the mysterious murders of several young women),-0.75
(,"No words can describe how awful this film is. Its like the director literally took a s*** in a roll of film and sent it out to the viewing public.<br /><br />The acting in this movie is horrendous),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Talented detective Mr. Philo Vance (William Powell) cancels his overseas trip to investigate an apparently cut and dried case of suicide he has good reason to suspect is really something much more),-0.4
(,"The arrival of vast waves of white settlers in the 1800s and their conflict with the Native American residents of the prairies spelled the end for the buffalo... <br /><br />The commercial killers),-2.0
(,"The memory of the ""The Last Hunt"" has stuck with me since I saw it in 1956 when I was 13. It is a movie that was far ahead of others at the time in that it addressed the treatment of the natives),-2.0
(,"This is one of the better classic Edgar Wallace movies from the German series - it features all basics for a highly enjoyable Wallace crime flic movie way back from the 60ies: Although his majesty),-0.5
(,"This is one very dire production. The general consensus has always been that while Princess Margaret may have been spoilt and pampered and may have revelled in the excess of luxury at her disposal),-3.0
(,"This is quite possible the worst movie ever made. I know people talk about how horrible Ed Wood movies were (Plan 9) but this movie makes Plan 9 look amazing.<br /><br />Chuck Norris makes a cameo),-3.0
(,"This might not have been as horribly bad as it was if not for the absolutely awful acting job done by Raymond Wallace! This guy is so bad it wasn't even funny! His character was needed in the film),-3.0
(,"What a frustrating movie. A small Southern town is overflowing with possibilities for exploring the complexities of interpersonal relationships and dark underbellies hidden beneath placid surfaces),-2.0
(,"With Adam Sandler.<br /><br />This is without a doubt one of the most idiotic films ever made. It's about cruise ship waiter Shecky (Sandler) wanting to be a comedian on the cruise ship. First off),-2.0
(,"""For a Squadron Leader - normally the only guy trained and equipped for navigation in a squadron and very hard to replace - to risk an expensive plane and himself to pick up a crashed fellow pilot),-1.5
(,"CRY FREEDOM is an excellent primer for those wanting an overview of apartheid's cruelty in just a couple of hours. Famed director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is certainly no stranger to the genre),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Ever once in a while I run into a movie that is so embarrassingly bad I wonder why movies exist. This is one of them. This is a terrible attempt to parody The Godfather with annoying cartoon sounds),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Everywhere I hear that people are calling this show bad because its premise is too far fetched....well maybe a do-good cab driver in Philly is pushing it a little (at least the cab drivers ive met)),-3.0
(,"I didn't think this was as absolutely horrible as some people apparently do. It passes as one of those cheesy horror movies you might waste time with in the middle of the night when you can't sleep),-2.0
(,"I have no idea as to which audience director George Schlatter hoped to sell this comedy-of-ills. With Redd Foxx in the central role and enough pimpy outfits and polyester to carpet the entire 1970s),-1.0
(,"I just got this video used and I was watching it last night. The acting started out extremely bad (hey------hey------twister) but got very good soon after wards. The tornadoes looked extremely fake),-1.0
(,"I recently started to watch this show in syndication and find it a bit hit and miss. Some episodes are silly -- Doug is upset about some trivial/juvenile thing and acts stupid etc.<br /><br />Still),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I remember this movie getting a lot of flak from reviewers when it was new. Letterman and Leno themselves had objections. Letterman called it (paraphrasing) the biggest waste of film he'd ever seen),-1.0
(,"I would have enjoyed this movie slightly more had not been for Jason (Herb) Evers constant harping on experiment. Many early reviewers of The Seven Samurai accused Toshiro Mifune of overacting. Yet),-2.0
(,"It seems like people are attracted to shows that showcase pathetic lives that have no purpose what-so-ever. To me i give my sincerity to NBC for their dire efforts to make new changes in television),-0.16666666666666666
(,"OK. Who ever invented this film hates humanity and wants to see them all slit their throats. This ""film"" was absolute and utter filth. What the heck was up with the weird old bags eyes? Seriously),-2.5
(,"Recap: Something mysteriously dense that transmits radio signals is discovered in the ice of Antarctica. The mysterious block is dug out and brought to a research station on Antarctica. Julian Rome),-1.0
(,"So unfortunately me and my mate watched this!!! It was showing on a Sky channel over here called ""Zone Horror"" which basically shows crappy B-movie horror films 24/7. It was a boring Friday night),-3.0
(,"Sometimes I rest my head and think about the reasons why movies about killer sharks and/or crocodiles are still getting made these days. They've been making these lame ""Jaws""-copies since the 70s),-2.0
(,"The New Batman Adventures (also called Gotham Knights) takes place 5 years after the final episodes of Batman: the Animated Series (B:TAS) and only aired for 24 episodes. This isn't a horrible show),-3.0
(,"The first installment of this notorious horror series presents a woman being kidnapped by a gang of black-clad men who torture her for several days before finally killing her.She is beaten savagely),-2.75
(,"The hysterical Hardware Wars is finally out on DVD. HW has earned its niche among parody classics and is not only a riotous little 20 minute short but a staple in low budget film production classes),-3.0
(,"The producers of this picture are Hungarians. It's not by crazy artistic momentum that X and Z are capitalized in the titles considering that the word 'isten' means 'god' in Hungarian. - By the way),-2.0
(,"There are no words to explain how bad NIGHTMARE WEEKEND is. It simply defies description. Something about a computer that can change personal objects into silver balls that enter the victims' mouth),-2.0
(,"There is a scene in Dan in Real Life where the family is competing to see which sex can finish the crossword puzzle first. The answer to one of the clues is Murphy's Law: anything that can go wrong),-2.0
(,"This film deals with the Irish rebellion in the 1920s and more specifically one man's life after he informs on a friend for the bounty on his head and the subsequent consequences. Watching the film),-2.0
(,"This is a really strange film--and that is NOT a bad thing. It is a combination of a neo-realistic film about the homeless AND a fairy tale. I'm sure that some may find this movie a bit too strange),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This is one of four 1970s movies by TV writer Lane Slate about sensationalistic murders in small towns. They feature likable TV personalities as police chiefs and quirky characters as town regulars),-2.0
(,"This movie was crap with a capital ""C."" The opening scene showed promise. But that ""promise"" was broken shortly after the viewer learns where the plot is going.<br /><br />And the wooden statue),-1.0
(,"This show proved to be a waste of 30 minutes of precious DVR hard drive space. I didn't expect much and I actually received less. Not only do I expect this show to be canceled by the second episode),-1.0
(,"Very disappointing 7th chapter of this slowly dying series. Very evident that the budget was extremely low. This movie was made for one reason and one reason alone. To sell Puppet Master Toys! Fans),-2.0
(,"(WARNING: SPOILERS!)<br /><br />Five young people ignore the warnings of forest ranger George Kennedy and hike up to the misty Oregon mountains where they are stalked and butchered by a pair of huge),-1.0
(,"DON'T TORTURE A DUCKLING (Lucio Fulci - Italy 1972).<br /><br />Definitely a prime candidate for the most insane movie title ever conceived and that's quite an achievement in giallo-land. Originally),-2.0
(,"Doe-eyed high school student Kathleen Beller is found beaten and<br /><br />raped in the opening scenes of this made for TV movie. The film<br /><br />then flashbacks to the few days before the rape),-3.0
(,"I couldn't wait to receive the DVD after hearing so much about the film. What a disappointment! This became one of the most confusing films I've ever viewed. There were so many characters introduced),-2.0
(,"I do get irritated with modern adaptations of Shakespeare when the director can't make his mind up whether to use the original or to update it. If it's using the original words in an updated setting),-3.0
(,"I do not know if this movies problems are more the fault of Direction or Script. As you will see in many reviews the editing style is way overdone. It is absolutely distracting and without substance),-2.0
(,"I found it very very difficulty to watch this after the initial 5 minutes of the film. I managed to stomach 45-50 minutes before switching it off in disgust and watching Monster House instead (which),-3.0
(,"I had never heard of ""The Clearing"" until I was really bored one day with some friends in the local Blockbuster and it grabbed our attention. The description on the DVD jacket grabbed our interest),-0.5
(,"I just finished watching this movie and am disappointed to say that I didn't enjoy it a bit. It is so slow Slow and uninteresting. This kid from Harry Potter plays a shy teenager with an rude mother),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I never attended the midnight showing of a movie before ""Dick Tracy"" came out.<br /><br />I still have the ""t-shirt ticket"" I had to wear to get admitted to the showing around here somewhere and),-1.0
(,"I was dragged to this movie about four years ago by a French actress friend of mine.<br /><br />For the first half hour I was sitting in my uncomfortable seat at the New Beverly theater in Hollywood),-1.5
(,"I watched the world premiere of this on the Starz Action channel. They call it Vampires: The Turning. The plot was a little confusing. There is a voice-over in the introduction about an 800 year war),-2.0
(,"It is important not to be insulted by lack of logic or common sense and those who have any ""gray matters"" will agree that this movie just doesn't work.<br /><br />The problems lay in the direction),-0.42857142857142855
(,"Messiah was compulsive viewing from start to finish. The story centred on apparently random murders of men in London in various gruesome ways. DCI Red Metcalfe (Ken Stott)has to find the truth which),-2.0
(,"Police story brought Hong Kong movies to modern day cinema.<br /><br />Jackie plays a policeman who tries to catch some drug dealers and at the same time take care of a young woman from the bad guys),-0.5
(,"The '7' rating is not necessarily a smear-- this movie was done on a low budget-- but done well within its limits.<br /><br />A usual pot-boiler plot-- Ship carrying a prisoner is destroyed in space),-2.5
(,"The essential message - one which Miller would have surely intended after seeing Vichy war crimes trials - is that hatred of somebody without rational basis is a waste of life. Meat Loaf's character),-1.5
(,"The fight scenes play like slow-motion Jackie Chan and the attempts at wit are pathetic (worst pun by far: ""Guess what? This time I heard you coming""). The stars are a mismatched pair: Brandon Lee),-1.0
(,"The film had some likable aspects. Perhaps too many for my taste. It felt as though the writer/director was desperately trying to get us to feel the inner conflict of ALL of its characters. Not once),-2.5
(,"This is really a new low in entertainment. Even though there are a lot worse movies out.<br /><br />In the Gangster / Drug scene genre it is hard to have a convincing storyline (this movies does not),-2.0
(,"Typical story of an evil kid going after people. I suspect that Antonio Fargas (Huggy Bear on ""Starsky and Hutch"") and Vincent Schiavelli didn't want to stress this junk on their resumes (actually),-1.0
(,"What a crazy film!It lasts 12(!) hours and you don't understand who these people are and what are they doing!The main plot is about a bunch of clueless actors trying to bring on scene ""Prometheus""),-2.0
(,"What would happened when a depressed cop works with a shrink on probation? May be a lot of fun... This movie set a benchmark in the action/comedy genre of the Argentinean cinema. Dearable characters),-2.0
(,"You already know how painful to watch this movie is. But I wonder why one of the worst movies ever should include one the most beautiful cars. Why the cars should be not only the victim of violation),-1.0
(,"surely this film was hacked up by the studio? perhaps not but i feel there were serious flaws in the storytelling that if not attributed to the editing process could only be caused by grievously bad),-2.0
(,"High school friends Andre Kriegman and Cal Gabriel declare war on their classmates and plan a terrifying assault on their high school. As they begin the deadly countdown to their final act of revenge),-2.0
(,"How much could the general Hollywood director learn from this movie? All... when it comes to actually scaring people. This movies truly shows that it is possible to really frighten and scare a viewer),-2.0
(,"I can't say if ""The Cavern"" is a ripoff of ""The Cave"" because I haven't seen that. I've seen ""The Descent"" and that's not terrible but it is very hard to watch and so is this one. Hard to watch),-2.0
(,"I don't remember this film getting a cinema release over here. I only saw it when it came onto cable. The film deals with the dehumanisation of children into killing machines. Specifically one person),-3.0
(,"I hate football!! I hate football fans! I hate cars! but this film was the funniest thing I have seen in quite some time. <br /><br />I was given the great opportunity to see this film at the weekend),-0.8
(,"I must admit that I was very sceptical about this documentary. I was expecting it to be the kind of All American Propaganda that we here in Europe dislike so much. I was wrong. This is NOT propaganda),-1.0
(,"I thought the racism and prejudice against Carl Brashear was grossly overdramatized for Hollywood effect. I do not believe the U. S. Navy was ever that overtly racist. I cannot imagine a full Captain),-3.0
(,"I watched this film in a very strange way -- I had put it on my Netflix list and couldn't remember why (other than that I knew Philip Seymour Hoffman was in it). Since the film has no opening credits),-1.0
(,"I've read many negative reviews of this movie and finally got a chance to see it on DVD. To be honest I really don't know what the problem with it is.<br /><br />It's a decent murder mystery thriller),-0.4
(,"In 1933 Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler sang and danced their way through three Warner Brother musicals that offered Depression era audiences a momentary distraction from their woes. Gold Diggers of 1933),-2.0
(,"It is beyond me why two million Danish people each week sit down to watch this terrible show. The dialogue is terrible and not realistic. The characters are hollow and simplistic. There's a tough man),-3.0
(,"Seeing the title of this movie ""Stupid Teenagers Must Die"" made me believe this was a spoof of some kind. I discovered later on the original title was ""Blood and Guts"". Both titles are misleading),-3.0
(,"The emergence of Quentin Tarantino and his dubious influence on the likes of Guy Ritchie may have triggered the wave of appalling British gangster flicks we've been bequeathed over the past few years),-0.6666666666666666
(,"These kind of movies where a psycho of one variety or another tries to damage the reputation (and eventually eliminate altogether) some naive person in order to take over their life. Fatal Attraction),-1.0
(,"This film is about British prisoners of war from the World War II escaping from a camp in Germany.<br /><br />I find ""The Wooden Horse"" disappointingly boring. The subject could have been thrilling),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This is a rip-off from Cellular. <br /><br />Bad casting... <br /><br />Bad direction... <br /><br />Bad Music...<br /><br />And the list goes on...<br /><br />well there was no direction since story),-1.0
(,"This is a truly awful film. Lou Diamond Phillips simply calls this one in. The use of miniature models of the train are laughable. The plot seems to develop on the run (there is an alien on board; oh),-3.0
(,"This movie cannot be serious because it has a nerdy looking kid named Curtis killing people. The other two psycho kids are kind of cute but that Curtis kid is just so ugly because he wears these huge),-0.2
(,"This must be accompanied by a special rating and warning: NOT RECOMMENDED TO NORMAL PEOPLE.<br /><br />The obsession of Daneliuc with the most dirty body functions becomes here a real nightmare. Also),-2.0
(,"This was one of the slowest movies I have ever had the displeasure of sitting through. After the introduction where we are given the backstory of ""something"" killing a couple people in a farm house),-3.0
(,"Using footage pillaged from Planet of Dinosaurs this shot on video (except for the stolen footage) concerns a bunch of people shot into space who land on a dinosaur planet that is...don't wait for it),-2.0
(,"20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie. Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov),-1.5
(,"An MGM MINIATURE Short Subject.<br /><br />The editor of the Cole County Clarion must decide what is the real IMPORTANT NEWS for his readers: an impending frost which may spell disaster to their crops),-2.0
(,"Bored and unhappy young babe Zandalee (a winningly sultry and vibrant performance by luscious brunette knockout Erika Anderson) feels trapped in a stale and loveless marriage to failed poet and decent),-0.75
(,"Flavia(Florinda Bolkan of ""Don't Torture a Duckling"" fame)is locked away in a convent of carnal desires by her father.Tired of all of the sadism she sees around her(rape of a young woman in a pigsty),-1.5
(,"Folks! is a ""comedy"" about a man whose parents beg him to kill them because they're going senile and want to be put out of their misery. Several times he tries to kill them and then changes his mind),-1.0
(,"Four young grade-school girls witness the murder of one of their classmates during what they thought was just an innocent game. The killer is a strange young boy named Milo Jeeder. Sixteen years later),-1.5
(,"I have to admit I was deceived by the title and the summary on the back of the box. So I popped it in the vcr and kept waiting... and waiting... and waiting for something good to happen. But of course),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I remember viewing this movie when I was a kid. I recall it terrified me immensely and it stayed with me all these years. I spent a couple of years trying to find it online...didn't remember the title),-3.0
(,"I went to see this film at the cinemas and i was shocked when I got in the room. There was only me and my girlfriend! This shouted to me that this film is not very good. <br /><br />Not to my surprise),-2.0
(,"In September 2003 36-year-old Jonny Kennedy died. He had a terrible genetic condition called Dystrophic Epidermolysis Bullosa (EB) - which meant that his skin literally fell off at the slightest touch),-3.0
(,"Infamous horror films seldom measure up the hype that surrounds them and I have yet to come across a worse offender than Wes Craven's The Hills Have Eyes. Having held back from watching this for years),-2.5
(,"Karl Jr and his dad are now running an army on a remote island. They capture a trio of guys who stumble upon the island. Whom after a while fight back. (well the survivors) This one has non-stop blood),-1.0
(,"Maybe it's because I looked up the history of the Irish troubles in the 1920s and then the sad Civil War that engulfed the Free State after the signing of the treaty before watching this movie. Anyway),-2.0
(,"My website (www.theflickguy.org) lists this pick as the worst movie of all time. Here is an excerpt: <br /><br />""If I were strapped down to a chair and forced to watch this movie over and over again),-2.0
(,"No rubbish - no where even near rubbish. Not an original? thats the last thing that could be said of ""2.4 children"".Predictable? certainly not! Although it was somewhat an unusual series for the BBC),-1.0
(,"Not that many films have truly exploited the fear of going to the dentist that many people have. Those in the profession have some genuinely intimidating looking instruments. Give writers Dennis Paoli),-2.0
(,"Remember those terrible war movies your grandmother forced you to watch 25 or so years ago on your old VHS recorder? ""The Fallen"" is just a bad executed remake of those movies! The story is terrible),-2.4
(,"STAR RATING: ***** Jodie Marsh **** Michelle Marsh *** Kym Marsh ** Rodney Marsh * Hackney Marsh <br /><br />Harlan Banks (Steven Seagal- not quite as bad an actor as Kevin Costner but.......aaaaahhhh),-3.0
(,"Take a cliché story and insert Steve Guttenberg.Need i say anymore?This truly is as bad as you would expect. Sheriff Tom Palmer(Guttenberg)and Anna Montgormery attempt to transform a group of useless),-2.5
(,"This feeble attempt at veering your typically bland Japanese horror movie more towards a creepy cult hit did not have the ammunition needed to keep the viewer involved throughout. Translated to vortex),-2.0
(,"This film was not nearly as much of a chore as I expected it to be. There are a few seconds of brilliance in this somewhat idiotic hardcore UFO conspiracy paranoia-fest. Most of the acting is mediocre),-3.0
(,"This movie has to be one of the most boring and stupid movies that Perrugorria have done. <br /><br />It looks like a commercial from beginning to end. The ¨director¨spent the whole time on a tripod),-1.0
(,"This movie is a desperate attempt to ride the skirtales of the success of the Star Wars movies. The film uses recycled footage from ""Battle Beyond the Sars"" which is another Roger Corman Sci-Fi Turd),-0.5
(,"We all know that countless duds have graced the 80s slasher genre and often deserve nothing but our deepest disgust. Maybe that's a bit hastey but damn if ""Slaughter High"" wasn't terribly unoriginal),-3.5
(,"We can conclude that there are 10 types of people in this world.<br /><br />Those who understand binary and those who do not. Those who understand binary put this movie to its grave along with hackers),-2.0
(,"Went to Wal-Mart and found this film on DVD and had no idea whether I made a bad purchase or a good one. It is the later outcome to my viewing the entire film from beginning to end. Michelle Rodriquez),-0.3333333333333333
(,"What the hell is in your minds ? This film sucks ! Each minute I was getting more and more bored. I strove to watch the end because I hope something at least would at last happen ! But instead of that),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Young Quaids fake accent was difficult to accept at times.<br /><br />The show was billed as mystery/suspence but should have been listed as a romance.<br /><br />Don't rent this one if you are sleepy),-1.0
(,"[POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT]<br /><br />It's unlikely that Seagal will ever again scale the heights of lousitude he did with *On Deadly Ground* (mainly because no one's ever going to let him direct again)),-1.0
(,"a really awful movie about a 30 meters long shark. bad story bad discussions bad characters bad plot even a confusing ending a complete. a waist of time in my point of view I thought it was a TV movie),-2.8333333333333335
(,"A movie like this doesn't come along too often. I'm surprised it took 9 years to finally see it. Politicians and civilian hawks should view this before making decisions on how the destroy peoples lives),-0.5
(,"Despite a decent first season this series never came close to realizing its potential. Set as a prequel to the original ""Star Trek"" series it was doomed almost from the start by an executive producer),-2.0
(,"First things first! This isn't an action movie although there is a lot of action in it! I think you can compare it to American sports movies! Where a team of very bad players succeed in the unthinkable),-3.0
(,"For some reason I just didn't like it at all and felt embarrassed about how bad it was since I bought it and watched it with my family. All of us hated it with a passion. It's a nice enough kids' movie),-0.6
(,"Gene Hackman is a former Marine Corps colonel who musters a handful of private Vietnam vets to go back to Laos and rescue some Americans who have been listed as missing in action. Hackman suspects that),-0.3333333333333333
(,"H.G. Wells' War of the Worlds by director David Michael Latt is a slightly less-than-average flick which isn't too bad if one considers the budget he had to work with - only $1 million. For this budget),-3.0
(,"I am having a hard time finding the words to explain just how much I detested this movie. The historical trial of Henriette Deluzy-Desportes and the Duc de Praslin is a tragic and compelling story that),-1.5
(,"I only bought this DVD because it was dirt cheap and it seemed interesting in its own special way (""special"" meaning ""retarded""). The movie turned out to be quite uninteresting - boring camera work),-1.25
(,"I watched this film without knowing anything about it whatsoever and found it similar thematically to Billy Elliott (2000). Both films are based around a troubled father/son relationship. In both films),-2.0
(,"Impactful film of four city slickers in crisis in Appalachia has become synonymous with rural depravity. Each of four businessmen face their darkest fears when they tackle a challenging whitewater trip),-2.5
(,"Just a few words.... This movie really sucks. It's like those TV Movies with bad cast and plot. It's amazing how they could make this sequel worse than the III. Don't waste your time watching this crap),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Mike Brady (Michael Garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic ""The Warriors"") is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town. Not just any slugs),-3.0
(,"Shame is rather unique as a war film (or rather quite the anti-war film) in that it not only doesn't focus on the soldiers or politics involved (there is politics but not how you'd think it'd be shown)),-2.0
(,"Story of a wrongly executed prisoner who haunts the prison he was electrocuted in and kills random prisoners while waiting to take revenge on the man who framed him.<br /><br />Viggo Mortensen is great),-1.2857142857142858
(,"Summer Holiday is the forgotten musical version of Eugene O'Neill's Ah Wilderness and deservedly so with the Broadway musical adaptation of Take Me Along. With the exception of the Stanley Steamer song),-1.0
(,"The War Between the States was perhaps the darkest hour in the history of America; a war that pitted brother against brother and family against family and left scars that even today have not yet healed),-2.0
(,"The idea of nine stupid prisoners escaping and going on a road trip sounds pretty good for a movie. Especially because it's meant to be funny and I guess heart-warming in some weird way. The problem is),-0.125
(,"There is no possible reason I can fathom why this movie was ever made.<br /><br />Why must Hollywood continue to crank out one horrible update of a classic after another? ( Cases in point: Mister Magoo),-2.0
(,"There is nothing mean spirited or evil about this movie. It's just terribly dull. Dull is the photography--- the film stock appears old and faded and washed-out. Maybe it was even 16mm blown up to 35mm),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This is almost certainly the worst Western I've ever seen. The story follows a formula that is especially common to Westerns and martial arts films -- hero learns that family/friends have been murdered),-0.5
(,"This movie has taken a lot of stick. It was slated by critics when it came out and was blamed for wrecking Nicolas Cage's career. The thing I don't think people get is that it's not meant to be an epic),-2.0
(,"This must me one of the worst takes on vampires ever conceived by men. How can one turn such a mesmerizing subject into a totally uninspiring story? Apparantly not such a difficult task... First of all),-2.0
(,"Touching and sad movie. Portrays the trials and tribulations of a writer trying to come to terms with paralysis caused by a cycling accident. The film centers on his relationship with his married lover),-2.0
(,"WARNING:I advise anyone who has not seen the film yet to not read this comment.<br /><br />If you plan on watching this movie DON'T! I warn you... this movie is TERRIBLY boring and basically horrifying),-2.5
(,"What. Uh...<br /><br />This movie is so dissociative and messed up that I literally lost a bit of my sanity after it was over. I will never be the same person again. I'm trying to put my finger on what),-2.5
(,"this is one of my all time favourite films. its one of those films where i know every line but can still watch it repeatedly without losing interest. i always throw on this film if I'm going on holiday),-3.0
(,"""Campfire Tales"" is basically made up of three spooky stories that a group of friends tell after they get into a car crash in the woods after a concert. The film begins with the classic ""Hook"" story),-2.0
(,"'P' (or Club-P) should really be called 'L' for lame. Every festival has a disappointment and this is the one that fails to live up to its much-hyped logline: ""Thai lesbians fighting monsters."" Rather),-2.0
(,"About your terrible movie copying Beethoven. As a professional musician it's my duty to watch every movie made about any composer and Beethoven is one of my favorites. When Hungarians and Americans meet),-3.0
(,"Absolutely dreadful Mexican film supposedly based on a short story by Edgar Allan Poe about a newsman wanting to go into the confines of an asylum hidden in the woods to write a story about how it works),-3.0
(,"Beauty in Trouble (Kráska v nesnázích) is not a great title. All the descriptions of this film fail to capture what it really is  an adult fairy tale. A poor girl is wooed by a prince. The ""girl""),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I actually saw the movie before I read the book. When I saw the movie I was upset because I wondered why Dean Koontz had made such a bad book/movie. The movie was confusing and didn't have a flow at all),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I could not believe how terrible and boring this Hollywood remake was.It's so dreadful. It easily lands a place in my top 10 worst films of 1998.About the only thing it had going for it was Bruce Willis),-1.75
(,"I don't understand the positive comments made about this film. It is cheap and nasty on all levels and I cannot understand how it ever got made.<br /><br />Cartoon characters abound - Sue's foul-mouthed),-0.5
(,"I enjoyed this film. I thought it was an excellent political thriller about something that's never happened before - a Secret Service agent going bad and involved in an assassination plot. Unfortunately),-1.0
(,"I hated this movie so much I remember it vividly. It is not even funny. Any movie that relies on unfunny sex jokes and racism humor does not deserve the money it costs to make it. In the first half hour),-0.5
(,"It was tough watching Harrison Ford obsessing over nothing. Kristin Scott-Thomas should have slapped this guy and told him to take a hike.<br /><br />Save your money. Don't even bother with a rental fee),-2.0
(,"MY EYES! IN THE NAME OF GOD AND ALL THAT IS HOLY MAKE ME UNSEE THIS MOVIE! what drugs are you people on! this could very well be the worst movie ever! i felt like i was on a bad acid trip the whole time),-1.3333333333333333
(,"One of the worst films I have ever seen. How to define ""worst?"" I would prefer having both eye balls yanked out and then be forced to tap dance on them than ever view this pitiful dreck again. Somehow),-2.0
(,"Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) is unjustly accused of killing his unfaithful wife. The night she was murdered he was out with a mystery woman who refused to give him her name. After accused of the murder),-2.2
(,"This film is striking only in its banality and use of cliches. Sadly it was obvious throughout up until the ending. But don't be mistaken into thinking that it ended strongly. Only a little unexpectedly),-2.0
(,"This is the biggest load of crap that I have seen in a long time. The last time I hated a movie so much was whilst watching ""28 Days later"" and ""Magnolia"". There is absolutely no point to this movie),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This movie has bad writing and bad editing. It is difficult to follow what is going on because nothing any of the characters do makes much sense. Some major calamity occurs every 30 seconds. As a result),-2.3333333333333335
(,"What are Forest Whitaker and Clifton Collins Jr. doing in this? Light It Up is a ridiculously melodramatic piece on problems in low income area schools. While the topic is one that needs to be addressed),-2.0
(,"blows my mind how this movie got made. i watched it while i worked at home writing emails and answering the phone -- i ONLY watched it because i hoped the ""revenge"" part would be good. needless to say),-2.0
(,"Another movie that makes the story of The Beach Boys worse than it is. I especially remember the scene when Brian says he's to quit touring and the other Boys calls him traitor. I didn't happen like that),-0.5
(,"Before I explain the ""Alias"" comment let me say that ""The Desert Trail"" is bad even by the standards of westerns staring The Three Stooges. In fact it features Carmen Laroux as semi- bad girl Juanita),-3.0
(,"Distributor: GOODTIMES home video <br /><br />Plot: A pretty high school student is marked for unrelenting terror in this suspense filled made for TV movie. Gail Osborne is new in town. She makes friends),-1.0
(,"Do a title search on Randolph Scott and TRAIL STREET is the one film missing from the list you've seen. One of 4 films Scott made at RKO during his prime (1947) the others are always easy to get. Liberal),-0.5
(,"F*ck Me! I've seen some incredibly horrific movies in my time but this takes the p*ss!<br /><br />Honestly I can't express in words how bad this film actually is. Besides the plot that isn't really there),-3.0
(,"Gloria Swanson (as Leila Porter) is an understandably bored wife. Workaholic husband Elliott Dexter (as James Denby Porter) has ""lost his romance"" along with his waistline; he also smokes cigars in bed),-1.0
(,"I consider Stuart Bliss the worst movie I have ever seen.<br /><br />The acting was terrible and the plot ludicrous. I get the fact that the main character's wife leaving him triggered a mental breakdown),-3.0
(,"I first read about the Left Behind series a few months ago and made a mental note to check it out since I have an interest in the way religion is used to control people in our ever more hate filled world),-1.0
(,"I thought this was one of the most depressing holiday movies I have ever seen--the others being THE Christmas WIFE and JACK FROST. All three movies are about death. If you LIKE being thoroughly depressed),-2.0
(,"I was telling a friend of mine about the time my grandfather actually picked this horrible piece of crap for us to see one night at the theater. He never picked another one again! It was that bad! Anyway),-3.0
(,"Jud Nelson is an aspiring actor who becomes involved with a married couple who enjoy playing sadistic games on other people. The husband gets his jollies by burying people alive. If that isn't bad enough),-0.5
(,"Movie didn't have much plot and was uninteresting. Basically you spend a lot of time watching people paint. Also it's very difficult to hear or understand the dialogue -- partially because of the accents),-1.0
(,"Mysterious murders in a European village seem the result of THE VAMPIRE BAT horde plaguing the terrified community.<br /><br />This surprisingly effective little thriller was created by Majestic Pictures),-1.0
(,"The one sheets and newspaper campaign suggested (as often they did) a far more lurid and violent piece than showed up on the drive-in screens. Claude Brook is actually an Americanization of Claudio Brook),-3.0
(,"There's only one thing I need to say about this movie - the scene where Shaq is in a musical number with Francis Capra's character about wanting to be a genie; never see this movie. The story is horrible),-3.0
(,"This has got to be one of absolute worst movies I've ever seen in my life. The writing and acting are just pathetic. It ranks right up there with Uncle Sam on the all time worst movies ever made. However),-3.0
(,"This is one of the two postapocalyptic fantasy movies that Albert Pyun made in 1993 - and it's the bad one. Apparently all his energy went into ""Nemesis"" which was an entertaining non-stop action movie),-0.5
(,"What's with the murky video in the beginning and sporadically throughout the movie? It's like someone put muddy water on the camera lens.<br /><br />The violence and nudity might turn some people off but),-0.5
(,"Why was this movie made? Are producers so easily fooled by sadists that they'll give them money to create torture methods such as this so called ""film""? I love a bad movie as much as the next masochist),-1.3333333333333333
(,"""Death Lends A Hand"" is one of the pivotal early episodes of ""Columbo"" that helped define the show for the next thirty years. It marks the first of Robert Culp's four appearances (three as a murderer)),-2.0
(,"***Possible spoilers***<br /><br />I've read up on Dahmer a little and saw the new Dahmer film (with the same name) at an earlier time. This movie here concentrates rather much on the victims and killings),-3.0
(,"11:11 a.k.a. Hell's Gate (2004) is another bad horror movie that tries too hard to be something it's not. A young girl has an imaginary play mate. One day whilst out in the fields playing with her friends),-2.0
(,"1st watched 5/17/2002 - 3 out of 10(Dir-Ewald Andre Dupont): Fairly lame account of the Titanic disaster is the first filmed version of this much-heralded event. The replication of the disaster is not bad),-2.25
(,"A serial killer dies in a snowstorm and gets mutated into Frosty the Snowman's evil twin. Then goes on a killing spree. Interesting plot. Sounds scary. And it is scary. If you're five years old. Otherwise),-3.0
(,"A touching story told with tenderness: awkward young Jewish girl in WWII America befriends an escaped German POW who is hiding out in her clubhouse. They discuss their lives and beliefs (he's anti-Hitler)),-1.5
(,"As a Spanish tourist in Los Angeles and a fanatic movie lover I committed a terrible mistake. I went to see ""The Women"" The remake of one of my all time favorites. I've seen the original many many times),-1.0
(,"Comparing this movie to anything by Almodovar is an insult to Almodovar. The best thing I can say about it is it tries desperately to be like an Almodovar movie and fails miserably. The script is dreadful),-0.8333333333333334
(,"Developing movies that are based on actual events involving cryptozoology or the supernatural has always been a challenge for directors and screenwriters. You have to mainly reconcile reported testimonies),-1.0
(,"Grave robber is sitting in his cell awaiting execution is visited by a monk wishing to take down his last words for posterity and as a warning to others about the horrible life he lead. At first reluctant),-1.75
(,"I could not believe what i saw...(once) brilliant actors appearing in this dire effort that should never of been made. The plots are dreadful and the dialogue appauling (at first i thought it was a spoof)),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I registered at IMDb solely for the purpose of warning others about this movie. Hwo does anyone ever get funding for projects like this? That's the mystery. Farewell to Harry might be the worst movie ever),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I watched all three segments and am so disappointed in the story line. Zahn spends so much time mimicking Duvall he does nothing else in the show. And Tommy Lee Jones would never be so weak as a young man),-2.0
(,"It amazes me that anyone would find Pauly Shore entertaining: he is basically one joke that gets stale *real* fast. He has his little ""California"" jerk vocabulary and a basic stock of lame jokes. Mainly),-0.25
(,"It is truly saddening to see a once-great director such as Deodato delivering such a second-rate giallo such as this. This movie was so terrible it effectively put an end to his movie career. The box lies),-0.5
(,"Mr. Accident is a deliberate series of non-stop disasters and near death experiences reminiscent of Saturday Morning's Warner Brothers Cartoons. Like the coyote who falls off the cliff 5 times per episode),-2.0
(,"Pretty awful but watchable and entertaining. It's the same old story (if you've lived through the 80s). Vietnam vets fight together as buddies against injustice back in the States. A-Team meets Death Wish),-2.0
(,"SAIMIN <br /><br />(USA: The Hypnotist /UK: Hypnosis) <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.85:1<br /><br />Sound format: Dolby Stereo SR<br /><br />Following a series of bizarre and apparently unrelated 'suicides'),-2.0
(,"Sadly IMDb does not allow me to rate Judges lower than 1. What a shame. This ghastly movie is so bad that I actually turned the damned thing off well before the ending. The script had a few bright moments),-1.25
(,"The IMDb plot summary in no way describes the essence of this film. It should have read 'Be prepared to be catapulted back to the prison of the 3rd pew from the back of your family's church at 8 years old),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The first hour or so of the movie was mostly boring to say the least. However it improved afterwards as the Valentine Party commenced. Apart from the twist as to the identity of the killer in the very end),-0.5
(,"There are good-bad movies and bad-bad-movies and enjoyably bad movies...this isn't one of them. This is a movie that doesn't realize just how bad it is.<br /><br />I saw this at a screening on November 14),-3.0
(,"This film is one of the historically most accurate war films ever made in that it displays the reality of soldiers in a battle situation as well as the particular circumstances of the Battle of Stalingrad),-1.5
(,"This movie is an obvious rip-off of Underworld USA starring Cliff Robertson. You owe it to yourself to invest a couple of hours and watch the original. I found this one to be disjointed and hard to follow),-1.5
(,"This movie was really bad. First they didn't even follow the facts for it. Half of the movie was made up and it was more about the deputy whose mother was one of Ed Gein's victims. The acting was horrible),-3.0
(,"Totally brain-dead actioner made in the Philippines. This belongs to the mode of Filipino movies which tried to pass themselves as American films on the international market. After a rather dull beginning),-2.0
(,"WEll first and for most I'd just like to say that I'm back out of retirement from writing well deserved comments about horrible movies. Only the movie in titled ""Scarecrow gone wild"" could bring me back),-0.5
(,"Walking the tightrope between comedy and drama is one of the toughest acts in cinema. How do you get laughs out of other people's misery and not start feeling bad when it goes on too long?<br /><br />Well),-0.4
(,"this is a TV movie based on the murder of Martha Moxley in Greenwich in the mid 1970's.based how much on truth it's hard to tell.this much is certain.it is based on the book written by Mark Fuhrman.anyway),-1.5
(,"""Roman Troy Moronie"" is my comment on the movie. What else is there to say?<br /><br />This character really brings out the moron in Moronie. A tough gangster with an inability to pronounce profane words),-2.5
(,"A by-the-numbers exorcism exercise with a disappointing non-allegiance and usage of the term 'blackwater.' The cinematography appears right out of basic cable MOW land which removes any semblance of swampy),-2.0
(,"Andrew Gurland's ""Cheats"" is his fictionalized ""true story"" about four high school friends who maneuver to cheat on tests. The quartet are: supercilious school-hating Trevor Fehrman (as Handsome Davis)),-0.5
(,"Barbra Streisand's debut television special is still a pinnacle moment in entertainment history - in any media. Cleverly divided into three separate acts (to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks)),-2.0
(,"Bill Maher's Religulous is not an attack on organized religion. It's an attack on Christianity and Islam. Apart from ridiculing a bunch of Rabbis inventing warped machines to get around Sabbath regulations),-1.0
(,"For all of you that don't speak swedish: The swedish [original] title of this film; ""Rånarna"" translates into something in the line of ""The Robbers"". This fact is the main problem I have with the film),-2.0
(,"Johnnie (Bert Wheeler) is a would-be songwriter; Newton (Robert Woolsey) is a would-be inventor. Both work at a cigar stand in the lobby of an office building. Johnnie wants to sell a song to Winfield Lake),-2.0
(,"The Hell's Angels did come out the losers in this movie. Sonny stated to the director that NOBODY does this to the Angles and gets away with it. His version was the two dudes were to be shotgunned to death),-2.0
(,"The only thing romantic about this movie is the pain and anguish of romance. If you are expecting this cinematic adaptation of another Nicholas Sparks novel to follow the surefire formula of previous films),-1.0
(,"There is a scene in this film at about the 42 minute mark that is among the worst I have seen in some time. As F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) are lounging on the beach),-3.0
(,"This extremely weak Australian excuse for a motion picture is sort of like the Pavlov Dog Experiment amongst horror movies. You remember this famous ""Conditioned Reflex"" experiment from your school books),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This is the kind of movie that's so extremely bad that you cant stop watching it because you keep telling yourself that 'it cannot continue to be this crappy all the way to the end. It just cant'. You know),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This may very well be the worst movie I'll see if I live to be 100. I think a group of first-graders could have come up with better plot lines as a class project than this. I'm dumber for having watched it),-0.5
(,"UP AT THE VILLA fooled me into thinking I`d be watching something similar to GOSFORD PARK . The film opens at a ballroom in 1930s Italy which is populated by vulgar Americans and uptight upper class Brits ),-2.0
(,"Very businesslike authority with little responsibility and only a desire to keep his/her name clean - check. A veteran cop that has bad relationship with his family - check. Mafia guys that while criminals),-0.4
(,"""The Plainsman"" represents the directorial prowess of Cecil B. DeMille at its most inaccurate and un-factual. It sets up parallel plots for no less stellar an entourage than Wild Bill Hickok (Gary Cooper)),-1.0
(,"<br /><br />I used to like some of the Hollywood action blockbusters of the 80s. They had icons such as Arnie and Sly but I think the action movie in the '90s has plummeted to new depths. The worst of these),-0.5
(,"A wounded Tonto standing alone to protect three innocent lives. A devious woman masterminding a deadly plot. Racial tension. Smart Indians.<br /><br />These are things we rarely if ever saw in the TV series),-0.5
(,"Dark comedy? Gallows humor? How does one make a comedy out of murder? It can be risky business as the viewer is required to let go of their moral values and laugh at the antics of a man who kills people. So),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Dont let the MPAA fool you with their ""Rated R for extreme violence"" there is definatly no extreme violence in this boring peice of s*t. I expected some cheap rambo 3 type action that the trailer promised),-1.8333333333333333
(,"I hated the way Ms. Perez portrayed Puerto Ricans! We are not all ghetto - and we do speak Spanish- not Puerto Rican! I can not speak for the uneducated persons you have run into. But our language is intact),-0.5
(,"I have to say I was really looking forward on watching this film and finding some new life in it that would separate it from most dull and overly crafted mexican films. I have no idea why but I trusted Sexo),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I haven't laughed so much in a theater in years. The only problem is that it was not the intent of the movie to make my throat raw from laughter.<br /><br />This movie is absolutely overflowing with bad CGI),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I was in 6th grade and this movie aired on PBS during a series called 'Wonderworks.' I distinctly remember sitting on a couch watching the movie with tears running down my face at the end. In the film Jesse),-2.0
(,"Maybe it gets better. I wouldn't know. I made it through the first twenty minutes or so before cutting it off and entering a period of mourning. It was obvious that the plot itself was a familiar one. A man),-1.0
(,"OK... this movie so far has been slated by critics and board-posters alike (although playing devil's advocate you could suggest that critics are often people who didn't make it for themselves as film-makers),-2.0
(,"Oh dear! The first time I heard of this bad show was when one of my friends was yelling like an idiot ""JOHNY TEST"" while we were playing video games. I thought he was confusing ""Johny Quest"" (by the way),-1.5
(,"Quentin Tarantino's partner in crime Roger Avary (co-writer on ""Pulp Fiction"") ventures out on his own (Q.T. goes exec. prod. this time) for this over-boiled French thriller.<br /><br />Eric Stoltz is Zed),-3.0
(,"Rollerskating vampires?! I'm sorry but even for the 80's that's just way too cheesy to be remotely scary... You can excuse the original the odd kitsch moment because it was parodying old movies and TV shows),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Since I first saw this in the theater it has been my favorite. Since then I've seen it countless times and I never get tired of it. The setting has a lot to do with it (the Colorado I know would be jealous)),-2.0
(,"Sometime I fail to understand what do the directors think when they make a movie... I had had a trauma after watching Welcome (2007) and thought that they wont do it again. But after loads of amazing promos),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Story of a good-for-nothing poet and a sidekick singer who puts his words to music. Director Danny Boyle has lost none of his predilection for raking in the gutter of humanity for characters but he has lost),-3.0
(,"The 2002 version of ""The Time Machine"" is just the latest in a string of terribly disappointing Hollywood remakes that fall flat on their face despite extravagant special effects. <br /><br />What a lousy),-2.5
(,"The story of this film is truly remarkable. A virus cut loose and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we know now is that animals rule the land above and there are posters everywhere that say),-2.0
(,"There's not much to say about this one. Gammera is some kind of fire breathing turtle. He is loosed by a nuclear explosion. He heads for land and begins to destroy building and tanks and other junk (oh yeah),-0.5
(,"This is a low budget stop motion monster movie from Brett (A Nymphoid Barbarian in Dinosaur Hell) Piper... and it delivers just what I'd expect from such a production: light-hearted (though cheesy) dialogue),-1.0
(,"This movie is one of the worst remakes I have ever seen in my life! The acting is laughable and Corman has not improved his piranhas any since 1978. 90% of the special effects are lifted from Piranha (1978)),-0.5
(,"This movie makes you wish imdb would let you vote a zero. One of the two movies I've ever walked out of. It's very hard to think of a worse movie with such big name actors. Well...Armageddon almost takes it),-0.5
(,"This movie was astonishing. It is beyond atrocious. I often get together with a group of friends and go to the movie store to find awful movies to watch for their comedic value. My friend suggested this one),-3.0
(,"We rented the movie and it maybe the worst movie ever. The box they had in the video store had a cool looking monster on the cover but in reality the monster was a creature from the black lagoon mask. Awful),-1.0
(,"watch a team of bomb disposal experts in Iraq count down their time before they can go home.<br /><br />That in itself sounds boring. Every time that little caption came up telling us how long they had left),-1.0
(,"All those who criticize The Sopranos for its stereotypical portrayals of Italians haven't seen anything until they've gotten a good look at this cornball gangster film which focuses on a family so irritating),-0.6666666666666666
(,"At first I couldn't tell if it was an art film or a documentary. The day after I had a unique movie after taste experience or perhaps a revelation. The film is a human quest to destroy everything that exists),-3.0
(,"Awful movie. It's a shame that a few of Flanders's top actors and actresses made such a lamentably poor film.<br /><br />There is barely something changed since the first movie and the TV series: same actors),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Fans of apocalyptic movies will savor this well-made low-budget thriller that is essentially a remake of the 1951 George Pal classic ""When Worlds Collide."" A comet is headed for a near-collision with earth),-2.0
(,"I argued with myself whether to rent this or not. I'm always afraid of renting something I've never heard of (don't remember this being in theaters). Great cast...that's what tipped the scales. 30 minutes in),-2.0
(,"I give it a 2 - I reserve a 1 rating for Guy Ritchie and Woody Allen films. We don't even remember what this movie was about. The only thing we recall is one gunshot scene where the actors drop to the ground),-1.0
(,"I really do not joke when i can honestly submit that this film is not suitable for Sunday night viewing on ITV4.<br /><br />The underground scenes are just awful when London is supposedly under 30ft of water),-0.5
(,"I was permanently scarred by this terrible film.<br /><br />The main action of the movie is nothing special. It seems there's a tribe of snake-worshipping people in a remote mountain region of Northern China),-3.0
(,"Mirror. Mirror (1990) is a flat out lame movie. Why did I watch movies like this when I was younger? Who knows? Maybe I was one for punishing myself by watching one terrible movie after another. I don't know),-1.0
(,"Our teacher showed us this movie in first grade. I haven't seen it since. I just watched the trailer though. Does this look like a first grade movie to you? I don't think so. I was so horrified by this movie),-0.5
(,"That's right. Ohwon (the painter and the main character) is an exceptional person. What strikes me most is the message this film might address to all of you people there. And the message is sad. It says that),-1.0
(,"The slightly overlong set up episode of the previous week paid off in no uncertain terms with an episode that hit the heights. There was a certain deus ex machina flavour to the resolution of the cliffhanger),-0.3333333333333333
(,"They say David Duchovny took six days to write the script for this movie. That sounds about right.<br /><br />This movie is one of the worst films I've ever seen and I've seen Gigli. It's not as bad as Gigli),-3.0
(,"This one of those social dramas that WB knew how to put together and were guaranteed boxoffice hits in the thirties. This early ""dead end kids"" are sent to a reform school where they are mistreated. Cagney),-3.0
(,"What this movie does well is combine action and horror with comedy and drama in a unique way that teases more emotion form the audience than a typical horror movie. Unfortunately with disjointed storytelling),-0.5
(,"...and this movie easily exceeded my expectations. The fact that it is written and directed by Peter Dalle led me to believe it was in style with other films I'm used to (and bored with) seeing him in. Anyway),-2.0
(,"BELL WITCH HAUNTING (aka THE HAUNT) is an American horror movie supposedly based on real events that took place during the period 1817 to 1821.<br /><br />This is not to be confused with BELL WITCH: THE MOVIE),-2.0
(,"First of all I've got to give it to the people that got this thing together. 9/11 is such a sensitive issue that making a movie that dares to be controversial about it takes a great deal of guts. It's a shame),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I am afraid I will have to add my name to the long list of people who remain flabbergasted that this film has STILL not ( sept 2007 ) been issued on DVD. It's one of those mysteries that makes the mind boggle),-2.0
(,"I wouldn't be surprised if Soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution Cuba as graphically corrupt as it was. Merely reciting a few statistics isn't going to make it with the younger crowd. Still),-1.5
(,"It seems a lot of Europeans and Americans see Indian movies for the wrong reason; I see some people are complaining that this movie did not have any dance sequence! A class apart from their Hindi counterparts),-2.0
(,"It's not surprising that the majority of higher-rated votes were submitted by females aged 45+. This is the timeframe in women's lives when they become the caretakers of aged and ill parents. I lost my mother),-2.5
(,"Jack Higgins' straightforward thriller about a guilt-ridden IRA bomber forced into ""one last job"" (where have I heard that plot before?) gets a snarky treatment from cult director Mike Hodges. Mickey Rourke),-1.0
(,"My friends and I have often joked about movies being in real-time. But this movie really is... They will literally show 4 minutes strait of nothing but a guy digging in the dirt with his hands. It has no-plot),-2.0
(,"The movie ""Holly"" is the story of a young girl who has been sold by her poor family and smuggled across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the infamous ""K11"" red light village. In the movie),-2.0
(,"This film infuriated me for the simple fact that it was made only because Shepherd was gay. The men who murdered him are clearly wicked. What happened to the poor man was truly horrible and a tragedy. However),-1.5
(,"This film is an insult to the play upon which it is based. The character of Claude has been warped beyond recognition leaving a painful performance that does not even vaguely resemble the original plot. Shame),-2.0
(,"This film is on my list of worst movies ever made. The story is disconnected and it is difficult to understand what is going on or the reason for the characters' actions. All films need to have an inner logic),-2.0
(,"This movie deviated from the Bible and fell so below the bar of the 1956 movie. I hate that they replaced the 2006 movie over the traditionally seen 10 commandments. Moses looked like a criminal in this movie),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Two page boys working at a radio network go from trying to solve murders to performing in black-face in between work shifts. Jack Moran and Sidney Miller star in this whodunnit from 1945. Lots of fast talking),-0.5
(,"this is the 4th movie in the Karate Kid series.however it has nothing to do with the previous 3.the only character remaining is Mr Myagi.this time around Mr Myagi meets troubled teen Julie pierce(Hliary Swank),-2.0
(,"""Curacao"" is a foreign intrigue drama set on the title Caribbean Island which involves a retired sea captain and bar owner (Scott) and a demoted CIA field operative (Petersen). The film has numerous bad guys),-3.0
(,"Absolute must see documentary for anyone interested in getting to the bottom of this story. Told with unflinching eye and with gripping style. If you think conspiracy theories are for paranoid disturbed people),-1.0
(,"David Mackenzie's follow-up to the brilliant Young Adam wants to be a feel-good underdog story of a lonely voyeur who is trying to confront some psycho-sexual issues with his dead mother. It wants to be gritty),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Frankly I'm rather incensed that on the basis of the dazzling reviews attributed to Steven Smith I wasted nearly two hours on his debut offering. Have they all been written by his pals? The action clunks along),-2.0
(,"I'll just be vague about my potential spoiling comments. There are enough canned plot elements in this movie that it's essentially pre-spoiled.<br /><br />This movie derives a few ideas from a Southern classic),-2.0
(,"In the film Kongwon-do ui him it features a relatively intimate look into the meaningfulness (as well as general meaninglessness) into the lives of various Koreans; empty people seeking ways to fill themselves),-1.0
(,"Is it a coincidence that Orca was made two years after Jaws? Orca isn't exactly a ""Jaws rip off"" but it is obvious that it tried to profit from Jaws's success. First of all Orca in my opinion was a bad movie),-3.0
(,"Low budget mystery. A shot rattles out of the dark and a woman is seen running from that direction. A young architect Jimmy McMillan(Chick Chandler)discovers a dead body that goes missing. The woman in a hurry),-3.0
(,"Terrible direction from an awful script. Even the DVD looked muddy and out of focus. Laughable accents all over the map. Unlike most of the other commenters I had no idea this was about boys in love in the mud),-0.3333333333333333
(,"The acting was horrendous as well as the screenplay. It was poorly put together and made you almost want to laugh at the several terribly acted out murder scenes. The ending was even worse. Everyone kept dying),-1.2
(,"The first episode set the bar quite high i thought. It starred William Hurt as a hit-man who is contracted to kill a toymaker. We are given very little information on his character or who is paying him to kill),-3.0
(,"The limited scenery views were the only saving grace to an otherwise uneventful and boring movie. The acting was borderline absurd which I blame on the script and screenplay. Nicole Eggert didn't look the part),-1.25
(,"There is an inherent problem with commenting or reviewing a film such as this. I remember feeling the same way after disliking Dogma. If you do not like a film that is odd and controversial like Mulholland Dr.),-0.16666666666666666
(,"There was absolutely nothing in this film that hadn't been done better in a hundred other films. It was barely worth the trouble of watching through to the end. Even the bad language sounded tired. Tom McCamus),-0.25
(,"This film can't make up its mind whether its message is ""humans are evil and bad and animals are sweet and blameless"" or ""don't ever go in the water again."" A fisherman (Nolan) is out to nab a killer whale),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This film is a classic seventies cop flick that for some reason has been sadly overlooked. It is basically French Connection meets Bullit.<br /><br />Roy Scheider plays the head of an elite group of detectives),-2.0
(,"This film is about a young Indian guy who comes home one day and finds himself getting engaged to a woman. The problem is that he is gay. In order to stop the wedding without telling his parents that he is gay),-1.5
(,"This film would be a great piece of history if in fact it was a real film of the Kennedy assassination. The are far too many mistakes in this film for me to point out. It is a film of the Kennedy assassination),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This flick reminded me of those lame ""erotic thrillers"" I used to stay up late and watch on Cinemax when I was 13. I'd label this flick softer-core since there is just no simulated bump and grinder. There is),-1.5
(,"This is a case of taking a fairy tale too far. The Enchanted Cottage delivers Dorothy McGuire as a ""terrible ugly"" spinster and Robert Young as a disfigured pilot. Long story short: Scarface marries Spinster),-3.0
(,"This is a skillfully crafted piece of cinema that deals with a teenage boys confused sexuality.The cut scenes within can be lengthy but the cinematography is beautiful.This film would not appeal to many people),-1.5
(,"This movie was bad beyond belief. I saw it during the 2004 San Francisco Film Festival. Before it started the owner of the theatre got up and told us how half the audience had left the theatre the night before),-3.0
(,"This sword-&-sorcery story of an appallingly brutal and callous ""hero"" vanquishing an evil king is worthless in almost every detail. The acting is horrible from the leads to the supporting roles. The leering),-1.0
(,"Trying to conceive of something as insipid as THE SENTINEL would be pretty difficult. The problems are many. The result is terrible and loaded with plot holes.<br /><br />Michael Douglas stars as Pete Garrison),-1.5
(,"""Protocol"" is a hit-and-miss picture starring Goldie Hawn as a bubbly cocktail waitress who one night saves the life of a visiting Arab from an assassination attempt. The woman immediately becomes a celebrity),-3.0
(,"...and that's a goddamn shame! Please make the sun rise and have it incinerate all copies of Dracula 3000. This must be the WORST vampire-flick of the new millennium so far (I haven't seen REIGN IN DARKNESS yet),-3.0
(,"Edge of Madness is a tale about a woman in the 1800's who gets hand-picked by dirty Scotsman who can't keep his penis in his pants. He just so happens to have a younger brother who is against rape and kills him),-3.0
(,"Great documentary about the lives of NY firefighters during the worst terrorist attack of all time.. That reason alone is why this should be a must see collectors item.. What shocked me was not only the attacks),-1.8
(,"I am a Shakespeare lover since childhood. I am also a Jew. Merchant of Venice is anti-semitic through and through no matter how hard scholars and literature lovers try to re-interpret it.<br /><br />In the play),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I lived in London most of my adult life before I moved stateside so missed this film when it came out and only saw this now on HBO. I disagree with anyone who thinks this should have been a Hollywood production),-2.0
(,"I watched ""Fuckland"" a long time ago. I lied if I'd tell that I remember it in detail; what I remember most vividly is the irritation it provoked me and the feeling of a total waste of precious money and time),-0.75
(,"It's difficult to criticize a movie with the title like 'Deathbed: The Bed that Eats' and involves a ghost narrator who's trapped behind a 2-way painting he drew and a bed that snores and  if I'm not mistaken),-1.0
(,"Maybe people do like having the devil around more than God. Maybe we like that safety net of a reason; making a mistake only to blame the devil for the pain and suffering in the world. There is so much hardship),-0.625
(,"THE SCREAMING SKULL (1 outta 5 stars) This movie boasts some pretty cool opening credits (an offscreen narrator warning that movie patrons will be offered a free burial if they die of fright watching this movie),-0.8333333333333334
(,"The story itself is routine: A boy runs away from home and ends up in a struggling music school for kids. He convinces a famous violinist to sponsor the school. The film is a splicing of shootings over 11 weeks),-0.5
(,"This agreeably perverse and oddball early 80's teen body count flick may never reach the astonishingly bent pinnacle of the deeply unsettling and criminally underrated murderous moppets movie ""Devil Times Five),-1.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I saw it at the premiere at SXSW and was extremely disappointed. The director knew little about John Lennon and even said as much at the premiere. This is a drama),-3.0
(,"This movie has to be the worst film I have seen. There is a reason it was made to be a MOW (Movie of the week). The continuity was all wrong (palm trees in a Chicago setting even though it was filmed in Toronto),-2.5
(,"This movie is most possibly the worst movie I have ever see in my entire life! The plot is ridiculous and the whole ""Little Man"" crap is just so stupid. The entire movie is unrealistic and dumb. Let's face it),-3.0
(,"This movie was cheesy and it was more than that. It was about this guy who gets a curse on him and he turns into a gorilla. I had to see how bad it was because of the title. Before this guy turns into a gorilla),-2.0
(,"This movie was worth five punches on my ""hurter card"". I saw this while stationed in Virginia in the mid '70's. I saw it alone so I was not distracted while I watched it. It sucked. It was the most ridiculous),-1.25
(,"This thrown together piece of fecal matter adds together so many ludicrous scenarios that in the end it's a laugh riot of absolute hilarity. Too bad as the premise is promising (as it so often is in Duhllywood)),-0.75
(,"What an overlooked 80's soundtrack. I imagine John Travolta sang some of the songs but in watching the movie it did seem to personify everything that was 80s cheese. Clearly movies that rely on mechanical bulls),-1.0
(,"A sign of what to expect in this film came when I spotted that this was the first (and probably the last) film to have in its credits a ""Vomit Technician"".<br /><br />In what is a couple of hours of silly gags),-1.0
(,"Acclaimed Argentine horror director Emilio Vierya directs a script from Jack Curtis and Antonio Ross. Cheesy and ridiculous are in the mix for the method to the madness. A doctor's son is nearing his early death),-2.5
(,"Everything about this movie is bad. everything. Ridiculous 80's haircuts. Ridiculous moustaches. Ridiculous action and fight scenes where you can actually see that the adversaries do not even hit each other. Bad),-1.0
(,"I am coming out fighting here because this film was so well shot and so well cast that I am twice as angry about its de-evolution than I would have been with a lesser work. Without revealing too much of the plot),-3.0
(,"I discovered this film after reading the book that inspired it. It is not a strictly biographical film; it is ""loosely based"" on the facts. But I found it a compelling and eerie exploration of evil and madness),-1.0
(,"I don't really know when it was that TV stations began preferring to have handsome men as their reporters - regardless of the mens' IQs - but it was clearly a problem by the time that ""Broadcast News"" came out),-0.5
(,"I first caught up with Jennifer years ago while out of town when it showed up on TV in the middle of the night; I fell asleep before it ended but it stuck with me until I had to track it down. Its appeal is that),-2.0
(,"I have seen it a few times and get completely glued to it every time. It is very suspenseful and intense. To describe it sounds boring but it is amazing. It is the kind of movie where you need can't miss a thing),-1.0
(,"I just came back from the Montreal premiere of Zero Day...and i'm surprised as hell to find a negative comment on the movie. Basically the blame is about Coccio doing an easy and overplayed social message...well),-1.75
(,"I must say I thought the show Greek would be really ridiculous and stupid. Since I am part of a sorority I didn't want them to make Greek organizations look bad....<br /><br />but I think Greek is hilarious. Yes),-1.0
(,"Lisa Grant (Adrienne Barbeau) is a real estate agent who finds herself in jeopardy of getting killed by a deranged maniac who kills people in her profession who he feels make house prices too high. As motives go),-2.6666666666666665
(,"People who say that some of what the Looney Tunes cartoons show is inappropriate for children have apparently forgotten something: they weren't originally intended for children. They were produced for the cinema),-1.0
(,"Sorry for all you guys that are not family with the Lynches.<br /><br />My sister in law asked me how you can make just a disturbing movie. I told her that if the daughter and her father would not do these movie),-2.0
(,"That film is absolutely fantastic!! If you watch it with your friends it can be a very nice day... Obviously you have to know that the film is stupid and very bad directed and acted (Tomba/Unziker what a couple)),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The number of goofs in this episode was higher than the first 9. They don't follow their own rules about spirits where destruction of the body makes the spirit dissolve. This one dropped a second body. That body),-1.0
(,"This is certainly one of the most bizarre films ever made - even for Fellini. About the only one more bizarre is his SATYRICON. This is a two and a half hour romp through a strange nightmarish world of decadence),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This totally odd-ball feature is a typical and prime example of satanically shocking 70's horror. The events are thoroughly confusing and it takes up quite a while before you figure out what the hell is going on),-2.6666666666666665
(,"What the hell was all that about? I saw The Matrix and was amazed. It was the most spectacular movie ever made. What ever possesed the Wachowski brothers to do this film is beyond me.<br /><br />There is no plot),-2.5
(,"you will likely be sorely disappointed by this sequel that's not a sequel.AWIL is a classic.but this movie is about as far from being a classic as you can get.what a joke.special effects that aren't very special),-2.0
(,"**** MILD SPOILERS _ BUT YOU PROBABLY KNOW THE PLOT ****<br /><br />Woman gets raped and decides to take out her rage on all of mankind . Oh did I mention the rape victim was mute ? That`s the problem with MS 45 ),-2.75
(,"****MINOR SPOILERS*** As a bad movie connoisseur I must have viewed hundreds of bad movies and yet ""Hobgoblins"" stands apart from all others in it's own unique way. Classic baddies such as ""The Creeping Terror),-3.0
(,"At first I thought that this one was supposed to be somewhat of a comedy/horror when I had seen the body in the bathtub with the lady just standing there screaming over and over again but as the film proceeded on),-2.0
(,"CREEP is a straight up serious horror film set in real time that wants nothing more than to just show people get attacked in a empty subway platform by a mutant for 85 minutes. And it does just that. Nothing more),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Don't waste your time or money on going to see or even renting it. It is by far the worst move I have ever seen. Its two hours (WAY too long) of your life you're never getting back. If you're looking to be scared),-2.0
(,"Full House is one of the worst TV series ever! Why?Because all the characters are so irritating that it's impossible to bear.The best character is Joey an even he is pretty irritating occasionally.An that girl DJ),-1.0
(,"I can't believe we watched this total piece of crap but we did and I feel obligated to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters announces that he's gay twice in the first five minutes),-2.0
(,"I don't see what the problem is with SOME people and their NEED for intellectual humor. You need to get your head out of your up-tight ass if you don't find this movie hilarious! If this isn't your ""cup of tea""),-3.0
(,"I had never thought the standard of Yashraj films would ever degrade to such an extent! The film has a nonsense storyline which catches no interest.<br /><br />Saif has over acted. Kareena has improved her figure),-0.75
(,"I have watched anime but I'm not a die hard fan; and I don't read manga. I say this because many of the reviewers who are waxing lyrical about this film seem to have that background. I have seen ""St. John's Wort),-2.0
(,"I saw this movie a million years (5 years to be exact) ago for the first the time. In the light of recent events with the Australian woman Schapelle Corby being imprisoned in Indonesia for so called smuggling pot),-2.0
(,"I watched this on cable because I was a big Leelee fan. Big mistake. What a horrible film. You don't care one bit for any of the characters in the movie. Chris Klein plays a guy who is a complete jerk in the film),-0.75
(,"I'm not going to say the story of the movie as some people do. I'm pretty sure people who read this will know what the storyline is. I'm also not going to go on and on about everything thats wrong with this movie),-0.5
(,"It's just a bad film.Not as bad as R.I.C.C.O. but bad.It got me hooked at the beginging then totally lost me after that.The acting was way off then on then going way way way off.Do not see this movie at all costs),-3.0
(,"There is something that one of the characters (the aging film director who pretends to be dead) says which may summarize all the film: ""In Italy it's the dead who rule"". True! This is a country without a future),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This movie was a poor movie. The plot was poor and the comedy they ""tried"" to deliver came out poorly. The accidents seem contrived and predictable. I thought the actors tried to some extent but with this movie),-1.25
(,"When the movie was released it was the biggest hit and it soon became the Blockbuster. But honestly the movie is a ridiculous watch with a plot which glorifies a loser. The movie has a Tag-line - ""Preeti Madhura),-3.0
(,"A hard to find film which coasts on the still pervasive mythology of Senator Joe McCarthy as a political demon king. Boyle (as Joe) gives a compelling but historically inaccurate portrayal of the Wisconsin Senator),-1.0
(,"Be warned: Neither Zeta-Jones nor McGregor plays the main part as the poster would have you believe. Their roles are in fact minor.<br /><br />The film stumbles badly between exaggerated comedy and realistic drama),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Going into see Seven Pounds i wasn't clearly sure what to think because the previews left to much open to grasp what the movie was really about. So within the first 20 min or so you are completely lost in the plot),-1.0
(,"I can't remember the last time a movie was so boring that I walked out. The Weatherman and The Island were both so bad that I thought about it but I even stayed to the end in those. This movie was incomprehensible),-3.0
(,"I sat through this at GenCon only because it was quiet and I could nap. What a waste of time. Beverly D'Angelo and William Katt? WTF? Were the lady who played Flo and Abe Vigoda busy or something?<br /><br />Truly),-1.0
(,"Inspector ""Dirty"" Harry Callahan once again angers his superiors with his maverick approach to police work. Refusing to take a vacation he is given a simple case which takes him outside of San Francisco. However),-3.0
(,"Kojak meets the mafia. Telly Savales is one of those guys from the past that seems pretty forgettable. I never thought that his show was all that great. This is his one dimensional characterization of a crime boss),-1.0
(,"My summary refers to the fact that this film has 1479 votes--just 21 short of making it eligible to be on IMDb's infamous Bottom 100 list--the 100 lowest rated films on the website. With a paltry score of only 1.8),-1.0
(,"This film has been lauded to the point of the ridiculous. ""American Movie"" is a boring documentary about a boring person so ordinary you'll find equivalents on just about every corner in America. It takes a long),-3.0
(,"This is not the worst film I have seen of Peter Greenaway but it is close. That dishonor goes to the even worse Pillow Book. This director's films of 3 I have seen I find them all to be miserable. Like The Cook...),-3.0
(,"This is only related to the first movie by the name. The plot has nothing to do with the first and the whole movie stinks!!! I have no idea what they were thinking but this movie is so bad. Avoid this at all costs),-1.0
(,"This movie was absolutly awful. I can't think of one thing good about it. The plot holes were so huge you could drive a Hummer through them. The acting was soo stuningly bad that even Jean Claude should be ashamed),-0.25
(,"This movie was so ridiculous i never even finished watching it i actually thought someone had made their own version and dubbed it onto the DVD from the movie store. This movie made me sick not because it was gory),-2.5
(,"This super creepy Southern Gothic melodrama stars Clint Eastwood as a wounded Confederate officer in the Civil War who's taken in by a rural girls' school and nursed back to health. A weird clash of genders ensues),-0.3333333333333333
(,"What a time we live in when someone like this Joe Swan-whatever the hell is considered a good filmmaker...or even a filmmaker at all! Where are the new crop of filmmakers with brains AND talent??? We need them bad),-0.5
(,"What's up with this movie? Does Mr. Lyne and his writers think that a sado-masochistic fling between two screwed up Yuppies can carry a feature length movie? Maybe if it had some comedic elements (which is doesn't),-2.0
(,"You know a movie is bad when the highlight of it is being able to see a brief moment of ""Jeopardy!"".<br /><br />The saddest thing about White Men Can't Jump is that it had tremendous potential. For several years),-0.5
(,"let's value it.<br /><br />entertainment: a trashy script which has been typed by unintelligent people in front of typewriters a thousand times.. pathetic acting that is thwarted by the story...OK production value),-2.0
(,"'Chances Are' a big mistake to see. You could know director Emile Ardolino from 'Dirty Dancing' and 'Sister Act' and should expect something amusing from him. But I guess I have to disillusion you. He made a really),-0.5
(,"...left behind when the ostensible heroine's Venus flytrap makes any man whose sexual advances are forced upon her--ahem!--disappear. Fiona ""This IS my career!"" Horsey is an attractive enough screamqueen ingenué),-1.0
(,"Absolutely inane film starring Abbott and Costello. Even our young children would become increasingly annoyed with this complete mess of a film.<br /><br />Abbott as Dinklepuss. What a look he had on his face. Sure),-2.0
(,"An unflinching descent into psychological and physical oblivion that will undoubtedly burn images of the truthful brutality and suffering of war into your cerebral cortex in a way not many other films will. In fact),-2.0
(,"Difficult to call The Grudge a horror movie. At best it made me slightly jump from surprise at a couple of moments.<br /><br />If one forgets the (failed) frightening dimension and looks at other sides of the movie),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I've seen this film because I had do (my job includes seeing movies of all kinds). I couldn't stop thinking ""who gave money to make such an awful film and also submit it to Cannes Festival!"" It wasn't only boring),-2.3333333333333335
(,"My short comment for this flick is go pick it up. Chances are you are going to be positively surprised by a diversity of elements superbly explored in this criminal thriller. There is no way the character of Miklos),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Nobody said movies had to be realistic did they? I really liked this movie because I remember when I first saw it in junior high. For all the kids who remember the PMRC and albums before there were warning stickers),-0.5
(,"Obvious attack on Microsoft made by people who don't appear to understand intellectual property or market economies generally.<br /><br />Loony liberal tim robbins plays a painfully obvious caricature of bill gates),-1.0
(,"The film Soultaker is essentially an older form Final Destination in which several car wrecked teens have their souls separated from their bodies and must cheat death who is chasing them... The film has its moments),-2.5
(,"The storyline of this movie is cliché and obviously has been ripped off from Jurassic Park. The filmmakers didn't even try to hide that. It seems as though there was not enough budget to make decent dinosaur-dolls),-1.0
(,"This amusing Bugs Bunny cartoon sees the return of the still unnamed Marvin the Martian and his sidekick K-9 the green dog.<br /><br />This time instead of trying to destroy the Earth Marvin is on a mission to land),-3.0
(,"This film is massively boring and pretentious. There is only one good moment when a sailor shaves Mr Barney's(think the purple dinosaur-less pretense) eyebrow. The music is relentlessly cloying-it is sad that Bjork),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is one awful movie!! Some people told me that it was not that bad actually but I sure disagree! The monster is amazingly cheap (and funny) looking but this is something we all knew I guess. In addition to that),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is what they came up with for prop comedian Carrot Top's first feature film.<br /><br />A stupid surfer (carrot dude) inherits an R&D enterprise from an old kahuna (Jack Warden). Things go less than swimmingly),-2.0
(,"This movie was one of the worst I have ever seen (not including anything by or with Pauly Shore). I couldn't believe that a film could actually be THIS bad!<br /><br />Coolio has to be the single worst actor (again),-3.0
(,"Why did they have to waste money on this crap?!<br /><br />WARNING! CONTAINS SPOILERS!!!<br /><br />The plot: down-to-earth-good-kind-girl meets a rich-snob-ignorant guy. Her boyfriend gets jealous and with the guy),-1.5
(,"i am still not sure what the hell this movie is about. i guess the boy was afraid of becoming blind and began imagining all sorts of strange things. this does not explain why he wanted to kill his new baby brother ),-2.2
(,"""MirrorMask"" was a terribly disappointing film for me. I had expected much from a Jim Henson production and had found favourable reviews comparing it to ""The Labyrinth"" and ""Alice In Wonderland"". Unfortunately),-2.5
(,"""They Are Among Us"" is poor science fiction at best. Mediocre acting bogs down this film. The plot holes are numerous. Aliens that somehow came to earth on a meteor and have been hiding among us for over 100 years),-1.5
(,"... so what's in those missing 10 minutes that were so horrible they had to cut them out from the original film? We were three years into the film production code... Barbara Stanwyck had starred in the original play),-2.0
(,"A wide variety of snakes stage an uprising on tourists ""invading"" their island due their captain's boat damage. The few remaining survivors who aren't caught vulnerable by the snakes will attempt an escape mission),-1.5
(,"Agustus and Call really did Nothing? Why are they Hero's they did nothing other then get to places after the bad guys where dead. What was the point of this show? I was very very Disappointed. I expected more action),-3.0
(,"Barney is just awful. As many of the other reviews on this show say. I'm not one to disagree with them (I won't). Because I hate this show just as much as they do. They use kids that look like they're in sixth grade),-0.5
(,"How can a movie be both controversial and gentle? This one does it with a near-perfect structure. No one wants their daughters to be athletes. Apparently most cultures don't want their daughters to be small-breasted),-0.5
(,"I think that anybody whose dumb enough to risk being a wax dummy just so they can go to a football game or they don't want to leave their car ""to get stripped"" deserves whatever happens to them.<br /><br />The guy),-1.25
(,"LIFEFORCE was one of Cannon Films' biggest flops. It received mostly bad reviews and did nothing to help director Tobe Hooper's career in the wake of the Spielberg/POLTERGEIST controversy. All of this is unfortunate),-0.5
(,"My Take: A tired formula Christmas comedy. The laughs are tired and the talents behind it seem to be too.<br /><br />I love the holidays as much as the next guy (even if I often have a bad case of the holiday blues)),-0.6
(,"Robert Stack never really got over losing a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role as Kyle in ""Written on the Wind"" to Anthony Quinn's 12-minute performance in ""Lust for Life."" Stack plays the deeply disturbed),-2.5
(,"The film opens with a cult leader attempting to resurrect a dead member with his followers chanting for his rebirth as the sun strikes upon them in the desert. Reanhauer(Bill Roy)believes wholeheartedly in his power),-2.0
(,"The title of this documentary is very misleading. At no time during the documentary do they show how the introduction of the Nile Perch fish into Lake Victoria has cause any of the problems facing the town of Mwanza),-1.5
(,"There are two points I need to make clear right at the beginning. First of all we all know what this year's Oscar's were REALLY all about this year. It was the Academy's way of showing people that they are no racist),-1.0
(,"This is just one more of those hideous films that you find on Lifetime TV which portray the abhorrent behavior of some disgusting woman in an empathetic manner. Along with other such nasty films as ""The Burning Bed),-1.75
(,"This was an awful movie. Basically Jane March was a half-Korean North Korean spy sent by Kim Jong Il to do something horrible to the American forces in South Korea. She becomes a maid for an American military family),-3.0
(,"This was the worst movie I have ever seen. I have to admit I didn't watch it from beginning to end as cleaning the toilet was more entertaining.<br /><br />The 'star' was the most unpleasant character I've ever seen),-2.0
(,"What is wrong with CURACAO ( Also known as DEADLY CURRENTS though what the reasonn for the name change is I have no idea ) can probably be summed up where a woman says to her lover :<br /><br />"" Keep it down baby ),-1.5
(,"<br /><br />This is without a doubt the funniest comedy of the year. Everybody is brilliant. The acting is superb. You can see that the actors enjoyed making this film. It´s a shame to spoil the film with give aways),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Fairly amusing piece that tries to show how smart Orcas are but in the meanwhile (and quite oblivious to them) makes the audience feel stupid by making the most ridiculous film. Richard Harris plays Quint.. I'm sorry),-1.25
(,"How many times do we have to see bad horror movies with a killer in a Scream-ripoff mask? The plot of Bleed is kinda original but the movie itself is a complete failure. For one thing the dialogue is poorly developed),-3.0
(,"I grew up watching this series. I was about seven/eight years old when it was on. I still remember the 1st episode which was called ""The New House."" It scared the h*ll out of me! I can almost still hear that statue),-2.0
(,"I had the dubious opportunity to view this movie on TV. It's the perfect example of how to take a terrible script and turn it into one of the worst films ever made. Not only is the acting bad and the effects terrible),-1.2857142857142858
(,"I'd never heard of zero budget ""auteur"" Neil Johnson before seeing ""Battlespace"" on DVD at Hollywood Video. A few minutes into the movie I realize this isn't a bad thing. Like many straight to video Sci-Fi movies),-1.0
(,"I'm a massive fan of prison dramas which is reflected in OZ being my all time favourite American TV show . I guess the appeal lies in a type of smug voyeurism of wanting to see bad things happen to bad mens' bottoms ),-1.25
(,"In my analysis of ""Trois couleurs: Blanc"" I wrote that its tone is much lighter than the tone of ""Trois couleurs: Bleu"". I think it's the same with this film. This time it's not because of a tragic comedy-element),-2.0
(,"Ken Russell directed this weird ( Not very ) erotic thriller and if I hadn't known that I would have staked my life that the director was Brian DePalma . Absolutely everything about CRIMES OF PASSION screams DePalma ),-2.0
(,"Low-budget murder mystery about a Public Defender trying to clear his client of a murder the man had been convicted of 12 years previously. Complicating things is the fact that he escaped custody after his conviction),-1.0
(,"Sex is a most noteworthy aspect of existence. It is perhaps the most interesting activity there is between birth and death. LE DECLIN DE L'EMPIRE AMERICAIN studies human sexuality in a dry and boring manner. Actually),-0.5
(,"Smashing film about film-making. Shows the intense and strange relationships that can develop between directors & their actors; the manipulation and mind games; the preening egotism of performers. As in any workplace),-0.3333333333333333
(,"The only thing I knew about this film prior to seeing it was Robby The Robot. My preconception was that it was another in a long line of cheesy sci-fi flicks that the 1950's was noted for. How wrong I was. Big studio),-2.0
(,"This film was more effective in persuading me of a Zionist conspiracy than a Muslim one. And I'm Jewish.<br /><br />Anbody go to journalism school? Read an editorial? Freshman year rhetoric? These alarmist assertions),-1.0
(,"This is a family movie that was broadcast on my local ITV station at 1.00 am a couple of nights ago . This might be a strange decision on the part of the schedulers but THE REAL HOWARD SPITZ is a rather strange film ),-1.0
(,"This is a very good Spanish movie but I am worried that many out there will feel lost because many around the world have no idea what the Spanish Civil War was all about or when it was fought. Being a history teacher),-1.0
(,"This movie shows us nothing original. Every idea or (action) scene can be found in many previously released movies. Fabulous Nick is completely plain here. Even Will Patton is calm and evil nor good. Mr. Duvall is ok),-0.5
(,"WOW! Pretty terrible stuff. The Richard Burton/Elizabeth Taylor roadshow lands in Sardinia and hooks up with arty director Joseph Losey for this remarkably ill-conceived Tennessee Williams fiasco. Taylor plays a rich),-0.5
(,"When they killed off John Amos's character they killed the show. He was the vital part of the info structure. You had a story of an inner city family's struggling to make it the best way they knew how. They were poor),-1.4
(,"Whoever says pokemon is stupid can die. This movie is superlative. I Even shead a tear when Celebei died. I DON'T CRY Much! This film is a touching animated thriller. <br /><br />In this fourth installment of pokemon),-2.0
(,"........and an extremely bad one at that!!! How long did this train-wreck last?? 14 episodes or something?? I can see why now.<br /><br />I bought the ""Serenity"" episode from Amazon Unboxed. It was my first purchase),-3.0
(,"Below average movie with poor music considering a movie based on music??? Ordinary Script & Direction with full of blunders. Salman Khan was at his usual acting. Ajay's performance deteriorating with time as his looks),-2.0
(,"How Rick Sloane was allowed to make five movies is harder to believe than cold fusion. This film is absolutely criminal. Before watching this movie I thought Manos: Hands of Fate was the worse piece of crap I ever saw),-3.0
(,"I discovered this movie with a retailer selling OOP's. And this one surely is an OOP. One year after The Exorcist she's back in business with this movie but what we all new was that the career of Blair never broke out),-1.0
(,"I saw this on the Accent Underground release with the short films. I found the film at first boring and old fashioned and switched it off after the first hour - I was a little drunk and tired.<br /><br />I went to bed),-2.5
(,"I simply cant understand why all these relics from the Ceausescu era refuse to let go. One can see clearly how frustrated they were during the commie censorship that forbade them so many things to show in their movies),-1.0
(,"I watched this film a few nights ago and it was awful! <br /><br />Awfully long - even though they managed to skip through the majority of his life!<br /><br />Awfully boring - the parts they included were long-winded),-3.0
(,"In THE FAN Robert De Niro plays Gil Renard . Or is it Travis Bickle ? or Rupert Pupkin ? Or Max Cady ? You see the problem with this type of role is that De Niro has played very very similar characters in TAXI DRIVER ),-2.0
(,"John Parrish is an ex Union officer who plans to sell his ranch and land to the Wilkison's over at Anchor. The trouble is that the price being offered is way to low and when they start to bully Parrish and his workers),-2.0
(,"Man oh man! What a piece of crummy film-making! But this is a guilty pleasure from my childhood even though I hate to admit it. They showed this movie on my basic cable system all the time. Where I grew up in San Jose),-1.0
(,"Spoiler This movie is about such a concept. Williams will go to any low in order to replay the football game that haunts his life. Russel plays the ex jock who peaked in high school. Finally the under dog get its shot),-1.0
(,"TYSON <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.33:1<br /><br />Sound format: Stereo<br /><br />Reverent - though scrupulously fair - account of the life and times of champion boxer Mike Tyson. Given his conviction on a rape charge),-1.0
(,"The writers of lost have outdone themselves. Season two's finale is even more heartbreaking and intense than the finale for season one. Locke's lack of faith has not only resulted in spiritual consequences for himself),-1.2
(,"There are no reasons of taking this documentary serious and there are four reasons for that: <br /><br />1) The people who made this documentary (including the director and the producer) are Serbs or of Serbian origin),-1.0
(,"There are similarities between Ray Lawrence's ""Jindabyne"" and his last movie ""Lantana""  a dead body and its repercussions for already dysfunctional lives. But whereas ""Lantana"" offered some hope and resolution),-0.5
(,"This is a real eye candy. A world made of floating islands and flying ancient cities. Huge monsters whose preferred method of attack is hurling cathedrals at their opponents... Who can resist that? An ancient prophecy),-1.0
(,"This multi-leveled thriller kept my attention throughout. It is disturbing and informative to see how perverse human behavior can be. It is also instructive as to what past wounds can motivate present behavior. No one),-0.5
(,"Times I look back to high school and it amazes me that I never went lower than Marvin did in this BAD film.<br /><br />Poor Marv is the main character who's bad luck just gets worse and worse. Despite his intelligence),-0.25
(,"'A New Generation' is the third Amityville entry to base its plot around writer John G. Jones's premise of an item taken from the Long Island house that causes spectral misery and death for its new owners. First a lamp),-2.0
(,"A powerful movie that has recovered much of its meaning in this second half of 2007 after the new desperate movements of the Burmese people against their tyrants. I felt a complex mix of feelings about the people there),-0.5
(,"As much as I hated the movie that this series follows I can at least says that Zangief was amusing. The animated series is quite possibly one of the worst things ever produced. The animation is quite often inconsistent),-3.0
(,"Betty Sizemore (Renee Zellweger) lives her life through soap Opera ""A Reason to Love"" as a way to escape her slob husband and dull life. After a shocking incident involving two hit men (Morgan Freeman and Chris Rock)),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I can barely find the words to describe how much this piece of trash offended me. Why is it that American filmmakers always go out of there way to portray Jamaicans as a bunch of backwards ass bush babies and worse yet),-3.0
(,"I can't believe I rarely ever see this title mentioned by all you eighties horror freaks and I definitely won't be joining all my fellow reviewers here in saying that 'Bloody Birthday' is awful viewing. On the contrary),-3.0
(,"I really liked the first part of this film in Africa for about an hour or so until the animal cruelty by civilized humans in Scotland got to me in the second half and made me so sad I couldn't watch some of it. However),-1.0
(,"I was sorely disappointed in this movie. Twice I was temped to walk out because segments of the movie were so demoralizing and depressing. The movie has elements that allude to all the seamy things in life (pornography),-2.0
(,"I'll probably get a lot of flack for hating this movie- guess I didn't approach it with the proper dewy-eyed nostalgia of the generation before me. But suffice it to say- St Elmo's Fire was pretty crap-freaking- tastic),-1.0
(,"I've been waiting almost 25 years to see this hard to find horror thriller and I finally did since it's proper rebirth on DVD. Of course it didn't have the same impact on me as it would have if I had seen in it the 80s),-1.0
(,"It is not surprising that this film was made by I'm at the time it was. I'm examined the early beauty and tragedy of Chosun Dynasty life in Seopyonje and delightfully explored a well-known Korean folk tale in Chunhyang),-2.0
(,"Kay Pollak's 2004 heart-warmer Så som i himmelen/ As it is in Heaven contains every stereotype of Swedish humanity and inhumanity yet manages to be a crowd-pleaser. It contains plenty of ammunition for cynical critics),-2.0
(,"Olivier Gruner stars as Jacques a foreign exchange college student who takes on and single handedly wipes out a Mexican street gang in this obnoxious and racist film which is so horrible that it's laughable. Bad acting),-3.0
(,"On a scale of 1-10 ""Suicidal Sweetheart"" got an 11 from me and from everyone else at this showing. The picture was incredibly funny. I told my wife ""It's obvious that this man walks on water but across a bed of fire),-2.0
(,"Some illegal so-called asylum seeker comes to Stuttgart and finds that Germans are ""racist."" <br /><br />This is just another already-forgotten steaming nugget in a long list of post-WWII anti-German propaganda films),-2.5
(,"THEIR PURPLE MOMENT <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.33:1<br /><br />Sound format: Silent<br /><br />(Black and white - Short film)<br /><br />Two luckless nightclub revellers (Laurel and Hardy) are unable to pay their bill),-1.0
(,"The Man in the White Suit is one of those delightful comedies that Ealing studies made so well in the 40's and 50's. The plot of this one follows a man that invents a cloth that neither gets dirty nor breaks. Of course),-2.0
(,"The film is not for everyone. Some might think the acting is bad when it is actually understated and natural. There are no obviously evil acts and there are no stunningly beautiful moments. There is a lot of indecision),-1.0
(,"The plot of "" Astronuat returns to Earth as a mutating monster "" died out in the 1950s mainly down to the scientific fact that travelling outside the Earth's orbit doesn't humans cause to turn in to mutated monsters ),-3.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The highlight of the movie is a comparison between the smell of natural gas and a dirty vagina. <br /><br />The acting is pathetic. I know acting is hard work and stuff),-0.6
(,"This movie has lots of action and little heart. Let's forget for a minute that it gets just about every aspect of the Russian Revolution wrong - after all we only have only under an hour here to tell our story. In fact),-1.5
(,"Tom and Butch Cat fight over the capture of Jerry Mouse because the one who doesn't catch Jerry gets kicked out. The two cats dress in their master's clothing to disguise themselves and lets the other have it! Confused),-1.0
(,"Trying to compare or represent this ""swill"" as anything ""Hitchcockian"" is an out-n-out attempt to mislead Hitchcock fans to waste $7 on this movie... Weak acting Weak story Weak script. <br /><br />No real suspense),-1.0
(,"Where to begin.... This hideous excuse for a motion picture makes ""Plan 9 From Outer Space"" look well thought out. The music? It's culled from every single overwrought piece of PD shlock in existence. The focus? Hell),-1.0
(,"Words fail me. This film was extremely difficult to watch and in hindsight I really wish I hadn't done it. Although I attempted to sit through it until the end credits I have to admit I couldn't last for more than hour),-0.75
(,"Anyone that is looking for an episode of ""Law and Order"" or ""CSI"" would have to look elsewhere as the most basic elements of police or forensics work were totally ignored in this case.<br /><br />A murder took place),-2.0
(,"Do the following: Get a copy of this movie and a friend. Wager the friend $10 that they can't sit through this entire movie. They cannot divert their gaze or be distracted by anything. Now watch your friend. Win or lose),-2.0
(,"Gargoyle starts late one night in 'Romania 1532' as a peasant girl (Daniela Nane) travels along in her horse & cart minding her own business when from the moonlit clouds above a living Gargoyle swoops down & attacks her),-1.0
(,"Gene Roddenberry never let his fans down. His death ended Sci-Fi legacy that will never be matched. Earth: The Final Conflict was proof! His pilot film and the first 2 Seasons were well written and meticulously produced),-2.0
(,"I didn't mind all the walking. People really did walk places back then. It loaned an air of authenticity to this period piece and some perspective on the technology of the Martians. I too was disappointed by the effects),-2.0
(,"I'm shocked that there were people who liked this movie..I saw it at Tribeca and most of the audience laughed through it at scenes that were not meant to be funny. I felt bad because the lead actress was in the audience),-0.5
(,"Steven Seagal....how could you be a part of such an awful film? I rented this movie because your movies usually have been pretty clean. I have lost a lot of respect for you being in an awful movie such as this one. Very),-2.0
(,"The only reason I don't give this movie fewer than 3 stars is because it isn't quite on par with a movie like Manos: The Hands of Fate. This movie's greatest crime is the fact that it is head-meltingly boring & terribly),-0.8
(,"Theo Robertson has commented that WAW didn't adequately cover the conditions after WWI which lead to Hitler's rise and WWII.<br /><br />Perhaps he missed the first ONE and a quarter HOURS of volume 8? Covers this period),-2.0
(,"There are several things wrong with this movie- Brenda Song's character being one of them. I do not believe that the girl is a lousy actor- I honestly don't. I believe she is given poor lines. She is just supposed to be),-2.0
(,"This film was the worst film I have ever viewed. It was like a ""homework assignment"" for a film class. It totally misses the mark when it comes to the ""message"" it is TRYING to relay. Characters are over exaggerated),-1.0
(,"This shorter movie is the epitome the expected results when the imbecile runs the asylum. It is sad how the futures of these young people were rolled down a craps table when neither Saddam Hussein nor the people of Iraq),-2.5
(,"Where the Sidewalk Ends is quite a good film-noir crime drama and is shot well in black and white and on location as well.<br /><br />A copper accidentally kills a bloke who is suspected of murder and to protect himself),-1.0
(,"""Antwone Fisher"" tells of a young black U.S. Navy enlisted man and product of childhood abuse and neglect (Luke) whose hostility toward others gets him a stint with the base shrink (Washington) leading to introspection),-2.5
(,"A question immediately arises in this extremely idiosyncratic film: Who are the crazy people?<br /><br />The answer become less clear as the film goes on.<br /><br />Renee Zellweger loses the whiney note in her voice and),-0.5
(,"Anyone who has read my review for Uwe Boll's ""Alone In The Dark"" will remember that I compared the unenviable task of sitting through that piece of human waste to having each and every hair on your arm pulled out. Well),-1.0
(,"Curse of the Wolf starts as reluctant Werewolf Dakota (Renee Porada) manages to escape from her 'pack' & into the city where 6 months later she is working in a vet's. The rest of Dakota's pack are unhappy & want her back),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Della Myers (Kim Basinger) is an upper-class housewife that lives in a private condominium in the suburbs with her twin children and her abusive husband Kenneth (Craig Sheffer). Della gives all the attention to the twins),-3.0
(,"Hunt for Justice is about the setup of Slobadon Milosevic for his trial in the Hague. While it was a little too clinical in presentation the subject matter could have gotten very depressing very quickly. A Canadian Judge),-0.5
(,"I am ashamed of myself that I actually went to the theatre to watch this movie when it was first released. While I suppose its thinly veiled depiction of the Aristotle Onassis and Jackie Kennedy story is well enough done),-2.0
(,"I just can't understand why people are surprised this movie makes no sense. It was never supposed to make sense. (Duh! The writers were completely wasted on Frodis at the time.) It was just supposed to entertain and mock),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I saw this movie about a week ago and still keep thinking about it. I was very moved by this movie. I found the characters very believable and likable almost to a fault. As in real life though sometimes people disappoint),-2.0
(,"I saw this movie in my international cinema class and was grossed out from get go. This movie is nothing but one scene of blatant shock value after the next.<br /><br />The 4th Man is about an alcoholic writer named Reve),-2.0
(,"I've seen comments from Turkish people (which I'm not) saying this movie is fantastic and accurately portrays Turkish life. All I have to say is... Turkey must be one of the most boring and depressing places in the world),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Marjorie (a splendid and riveting performance by Farrah Fawcett) narrowly avoids being assaulted in her car by vicious serial rapist Joe (superbly played with frightening conviction and intensity by James Russo). However),-1.4
(,"More entertaining than all the gay orgies in ""300"" combined. More heartbreaking than a Shakespearian tragedy. More poetic than even the most melodramatic poems about lost love and blah blah blah. And on top of all that),-0.42857142857142855
(,"My teacher taped this and showed it to us in Child Care to demonstrate how teen pregnancy affects people. It just demonstrated how teen pregnancy affects a childish jock not properly educated on how sex works and a whiny),-2.0
(,"Rarely have I seen a work of literature translated so badly to the screen. The hysterical cast of b-movie and sitcom extras simply make the characters seem like bad Jewish stereotypes. The worst of all is Melissa Gilbert),-2.0
(,"The world at war is one of the best documentaries about world war 2. <br /><br />The 24 episodes cover the war and what it was like in the countries involved in it. The first episode tells us how the Hitler came to power),-0.2
(,"This movie is incomprehendably bad. It begins with several random explosions and then cuts to a sock puppet of a T-Rex that talks (!) to the audience. It goes back and forth between sock puppetry and animation throughout),-1.0
(,"This movie made it into one of my top 10 most awful movies. Horrible. <br /><br />There wasn't a continuous minute where there wasn't a fight with one monster or another. There was no chance for any character development),-0.2
(,"This...... Movie.... Is..... Horrible!!!!!! You won't believe this hunk of junk is even a movie!!!! Critters4 was better then this!!! And Critters4 was pretty frigging bad too!!! A bunch of stupid teens crash in a desert),-0.8
(,"Tommy JOnes and Matt Dillon do the gambling world proud. The various moves with the wrists had to be learned as throwing craps is a skill in and of itself.<br /><br />There are a few surprises. AS cynical as we are today),-2.0
(,"Why would any legitimate actor having read the script participated in this piece of crap? My god it is actually embarrassing to even watch it. I can't imagine the shame these people must feel for being a part of it. Also),-1.0
(,"You've been fouled and beaten up in submission by my harsh statements about ""femme fatale"" / ""guns n' gals"" movies! Now comes another breed in disappointing rediscoveries: ninja movies! Many of these I've seen before),-2.0
(,"within about 5 minutes in to the film the first fight scene i was watching i just could help but pointout the lack of tension in the scene the cameras crossing back and forth really shows he had no idea what he was doing),-0.6
(,"Don't you just hate it when you order steak but the restaurant gives you chicken?<br /><br />Such is how I felt watching this so-called ""Battlestar Galactica"". Arguments can be made over its quality but the fact remains),-3.0
(,"Dumland focuses on the lives of one (American?) family... The father; a violent and obscene person who loves to fart and use profanity and who has no redeeming qualities. The mother; who appears to be a paranoid psychotic),-2.0
(,"I don't remember too much about this movie except that there was a distinctly gratuitous destruction of luminaires (lamps). Almost every fight scene included the unnecessary and wanton destruction of useful light fixtures),-1.25
(,"I saw this the week it opened four years ago and I really did not know what to expect being unfamiliar with Sorrentino's work at the time. He has created a very intriguing and ultimately moving account of an odd character),-2.0
(,"I understand that this was Llyod Kaufman's attempt to save a movie that was the pits. The whole movie is voiced over since the audio reel was junk. The voice overs were SO bad and terrible quality. As much as I love Troma),-0.25
(,"I wasn't sure where this was headed until the ending. when it turned out that this was all a liberal conspiracy to hand the world over to European wimps and the United Nations. What a load of right-wing crud! Incidentally),-3.0
(,"It's a real challenge to make a movie about a baby being devoured by wild canines and the mother being wrongly accused of murder funny but against all odds this one succeeds. Meryl Streep gives the performance of her life),-0.25
(,"Kim Basinger and Mickey Rourke star in this controversial story of a wall street exec and an art gallery employee who hook up and begin a very experimental sexual relationship.While the acting by Rourke and Basinger is ok),-2.0
(,"Mild spoilers below.<br /><br />The prospect of war was clearly on the horizon when TFW was filmed. From the opening scene of European refugees to the final prediction that Naziism will be the death of millions of Germans),-0.5
(,"Milo is an overlooked & underrated horror flick from the late 90's but the feel and atmosphere is more that of an 80's horror flick. Seems a bunch of little girls are taken to ""see things"" at the office of Milo's father),-1.0
(,"OK everybody is so enthused by this film I hardly dare add a negative review but I just did not enjoy this movie.<br /><br />I have to say first I saw the film in Russian language overdub so I will have missed some dialog),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Reign Over Me (titled after the who song) is a movie that is sure to bring a tear to almost everyone's eye. It was a moving story of a guy (sandler) that lost his family in the 9-11 world trade center attacks. Years later),-3.0
(,"The most enjoyable parts of this film were the clips from the original movie. The acting was poor and the premise of sexual scorecards was revolting. The effects were marginal at best. There were no stand out performances),-1.5
(,"The title above is used to introduce the film ""Gen"" to its audience. Gen is about a young doctor(Doga Rutkay) with an ill mother. The film starts with her leaving her mother behind to start her new job. While she drives),-2.0
(,"There's more to offer in the opening of The Odd Couple than in the entirety of most films. Felix Unger (the poor guy's monogram even curses him) checks into a New York hotel. A cleaning lady says ""Good night."" ""Goodbye),-2.0
(,"This is one of the most laughably bad films I've ever seen. I cannot believe whoever wrote the review above was serious. Perhaps he was connected with making it. It doesn't have anything going for it. There is no suspense),-2.0
(,"This is the absolutely worst piece of crap I've ever had to watch - actually it was so bad that I just HAD to watch it :-)<br /><br />The CGI is sooo bad it's fun! It's not even close to the shitty CGI animations in Spawn),-3.0
(,"This movie is very scary with scenes where the Devil uses Gabriels horn to open Heaven and pull the good angel-dogs out and imprision them on Alkatraz. The devil sings and dances to a few songs about the joys of being bad),-0.6666666666666666
(,"When I rented this I was hoping for what ""Reign of Fire"" did not deliver: a clash between modern technology and mythic beasts.<br /><br />Instead I got a standard ""monster hunts stupid people in remote building"" flick),-0.6666666666666666
(,"this movie was incredibly stupid with meaning what so ever. i fell bad for all the actors and actresses that ruined there career to be in this stupid movie. the entire movie was based on how unrealistic they could make it),-2.25
(,"Alright lets break it down. Why is this one of the worst films ever? Because there are so many answers to that question I'm having a headache. Come on...Cracker World? Mr. Honkee? The part with the Arab guy? its just awful),-3.0
(,"Cavemen was by far the biggest load of crap I have ever wasted my time watching. This show based on the Geico commercials is less entertaining then an actual 30 sec ad for Geico. The makeup was half ass-ed to say the least),-1.0
(,"Coyote Ugly might have been much more effective if the film-makers had made it an R-rated guilty pleasure/exploitation film (with plenty of nudity.) But since the PG-13 rating is what all the studios are wanting these days),-0.5
(,"Documentaries of this kind are often very opinionated. This film seems to take all opinions out and let the viewer decide what to do with the information provided. It is sad the conditions these poor people have to work in),-0.6666666666666666
(,"If there has ever been a worse comedy than 'Gray Matters' I am unaware of it. The New York Jewish comedy's 'funny' premise is that siblings Sam & Gray are mistaken for a couple and so decide to fix Sam up with a girlfriend),-1.5
(,"It doesn't take long to see why Code Name: Diamond Head didn't make it onto the network schedules. The TV pilot movie doesn't get past the credits before it's obvious just how bad it's going to be. Maybe I missed something),-2.5
(,"It's very sad that Lucian Pintilie does not stop making movies. They get worse every time. Niki and Flo (2003) is a depressing stab at the camera. It's unfortunate that from the many movies that are made yearly in Romania ),-2.0
(,"Not a box office success; no-one really knows why. It may have failed simply because of its title. It looks as though you need a two-word tough-guy title to attract a sufficient proportion of the idiot crowd - ""Die Hard""),-1.3333333333333333
(,"One of the worst movies I've ever seen. Completely ridiculous. The story is bad. The animations are completely childish and displaced. The physics of the holograms are hilarious from how much they are completely wrong. OMG),-1.0
(,"Some people might consider this movie a piece of artwork - to be able to express your imagination on film in order to create a movie filled with antagonizing pain and death.. I personally think that this movie is a disgust),-2.5
(,"The Perfectly Stupid Weapon. I think the guys dancing at the beginning of one of Steven Segal's movies was intented to mock Jeff doing his forms to dance music at the beginning of this stupid movie. The plot is predictable),-2.0
(,"The filmmakers try to paint the influence of the Mondovis and Robert Parker as a travesty on par with the German occupation of France and the reign of Fascism. But they never find a victim in this film. We hear wine makers),-2.5
(,"This documentary is at its best when it is simply showing the ayurvedic healers' offices and treatment preparation. There is no denying the grinding poverty in India and desperation of even their wealthier clients. However),-0.25
(,"This interesting Giallo boosts a typical but still thrilling plot and a really sadistic killer that obviously likes to hunt his victims down before murdering them in gory ways.<br /><br />Directed by Emilio P. Miraglia who),-0.2
(,"This off-beat horror movie seems to be getting nothing but bad reviews. My question is; why? I think this movie is pretty good. Dee Snider did very well for his first (and only) time directing. He also plays the antagonist),-1.0
(,"William (Nicholas Ball) and Emma Peters (Rachel Davies) buy an old house where a brutal murder happened years ago in very bad condition with the intention of restoring it. They move with their daughter Sophie (Emma RidleY)),-1.3333333333333333
(,"again such kind of zero-budget digital-video cam trash. and again I fell into this trap cuz the title had ""zombie"" in it (german title: ZOMBIE ATTACK!) the story: on halloween some people visit the ""museum of the dead""),-0.6666666666666666
(,"this movie let me down decidedly hard. it was a great concept that was ruined with a horrible script. The story just didn't flow and was disjointed at best. There were so many elements to this story that were not explained),-1.0
(,"A movie about a French girl who gets raped by street hoodlums. The rape scene itself is shot in all it's gory detail with all the male and female organs and their interactions clearly visible to the camera. In a fit of rage),-1.0
(,"Bertrand Blier is indeed l'enfant terrible of French cinema and in the seventies he always could shock the public. Filmed with his fave duo (Depardieu and Dewaere) and the usual dose of sex (Miou-Miou plays her typical role),-2.5
(,"Come on? FANTASTIC DRAMA ON SCREEN? Are you joking folks? I wouldn't put horrible Molly Gross to play even in school play! Where did these people learn acting? Borrowing some papers from their neighbors actor? Terrible plot),-3.0
(,"Dr. Seuss would sure be mad right now if he was alive. Cat in the Hat proves to show how movie productions can take a classic story and turn it into a mindless pile of goop. We have Mike Myers as the infamous Cat in the Hat),-2.5
(,"Encouraged by the positive comments about this film on here I was looking forward to watching this film. Bad mistake. I've seen 950+ films and this is truly one of the worst of them - it's awful in almost every way: editing),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I didn't know if i would laugh or cry seeing this. Only addicted fans of danni filth could have a taste for this. This is supposed to be a horror movie but there's only filth in this. The most cool scene is the car accident),-0.25
(,"I finally managed to see this movie...after so many years of expectancy...<br /><br />I was so curious to see if this movie it is as bad as some people say..<br /><br />And my opinion is that this movie it wasn't bad at all),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I have lost count of how many reviews I've written on Slaughter High. I've read a lot of bad ones and I will say right now this is a fantastic movie. Simon Scuddamore made his fame in a short time for his well known suicide),-0.6
(,"I was blubbing like an idiot during the last ten minutes of this exceptional piece of television. I have to say that the idea of sitting down to view 90 minutes of what was bound to be pretty depressing material on a Sunday),-0.5
(,"I'm rating this pretty high just because of Sam Elliott. I could've done without the female nudity but I'd sit through almost any nonsense in order to see Sam strut his stuff. He gets to spout wonderfully cynical witticisms),-1.0
(,"It was difficult to sit through this horrible heretical adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. Apparently Matt Frewer was cast because he is tall and skinny. His skull-like face made for a good zombie in the Dawn of the Dead remake),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Should I have expected anything other than putrid from Carrot Top? This was on of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is by far the worst comedy I have ever seen. ""Chairman of the Board"" did not add humor to my attitude),-0.75
(,"Sickening exploitation trash plays like a bad (and reverse) ""Death Wish"" ripoff - but the ugly and untalented Tamerlis makes Charles Bronson look like Al Pacino with her performance. As for Ferrara's ""stylish"" direction),-0.5
(,"This documentary is rife with problems.<br /><br />How arrogant is it to make a documentary about your own family? I understand you think the subject is interesting. I was bored with it. This isn't a fascinating story to me),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie tries to be artistic but comes across as puerile as a film school student's first attempt. Next it tries to be erotic but comes across as clumsy as a virgin's first attempt. Lastly it tries to be cruel & gripping),-3.0
(,"This movie was probably the worst movie I have ever seen. Here are the things that immediately jump out at me: 1. The woods were more like hills in Los Angeles with a couple trees and brush. Not scary whatsoever. News flash),-1.0
(,"What is it now-a-days that minority comedians feel its okay to slander their minority and expect to get away with it? <br /><br />Carlos Mencia is no George Lopez. There IS a difference. When watching comedian Carlos Mencia),-1.0
(,"You don't need to write a script for this trashed outrage! You just sit back and watch a pair of moonshine women and guests duke each other out before a riotous audience exposure at ""The Jerry Show""! Violent and obnoxious),-3.0
(,"this movie wasted my time. i saw only part of it and i was crying about the wasted time that i could of spent doing something productive and useful towards this earth. for everyone that has watched this movie more than once),-1.0
(,"""The death of a performer at a Broadway stage play brings a theatre critic and a police detective together as an unlikely crime-solving duo. The dead performer's niece becomes not only the object of affection for our critic),-1.2
(,"<br /><br />The play has been heavily edited and the order of the scenes has been completely mixed up. The acting is appalling (especially by Helena Bonham Carter) and the cinematography poor.<br /><br />The result is a slow),-2.0
(,"Almost no cinema experience can beat a good thriller with a sense of humor. Geena Davis is a schoolteacher housewife who suffers from amnesia. She'e even on the PTA! But then an auto accident awakens the woman she used to be),-0.5
(,"I can't believe it that was the worst movie i have ever seen in my life. i laughed a couple of times. ( probably because of how stupid it was ) If someone paid me to see that movie again i wouldn't. the plot was so horrible ),-1.75
(,"I completely agree with the other comment someone should do a What's up tiger Lily with this film.<br /><br />It has to be one of the worst french films I've seen in a long time (actually along with Brotherwood of the Wolves),-1.0
(,"I finally caught up to ""Starlight"" last night on television and all I can say is. . . wow! It's hard to know where to begin -- the incredibly hokey special effects (check out the laser beams shooting out of Willie's eyes!)),-1.0
(,"I had never read Shakespeare's Hamlet before watching it but I did have a Shakespeare book with me and could follow the dialogue through it. My view on the movie may be partially biased since I had never read the play before),-2.0
(,"It's like a bad 80s TV show got loose and tried to become a soft-core porn movie. Oh my god was it bad. The plots of each character had little relevance. The plot itself wasn't anything to speak of. Something about a stalker),-0.75
(,"It's such a shame that because of it's title this film will be avoided by people who hate football. Bend it Like Beckham is much more than a cheesy sports flick. The story line is touching and intelligent without being soppy),-1.0
(,"Much of ""Over Her Dead Body"" is so painfully unfunny that I was actually squirming in my seat out of embarrassment for the actors.<br /><br />Eva Longoria proves that she can't carry a film in this terrible romantic comedy),-1.3333333333333333
(,"My mother told me not to go to see ""Kadosh"" -- but who ever listens to one's mother? <br /><br />I was so turned off by it while I was watching I thought I must have lost my feminist credentials on the way into the theater),-3.0
(,"Nazarin by the acclaimed surrealist Bunuel is ovbviously an attack on the Catholic Church and its loss of values. It is not a visual film and I think it would have played better on the stage. Bunuel takes us through this man),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Night of the Demons (1988) was another in a long line of ""teen"" horror films that were released on video and pay-t.v. during that mecca of film making the eighties. But unlike most of the crap that was being peddled around),-3.0
(,"Oh Geez... There are so many other films I want to see out there... I got stuck with my nephew for the weekend and this is what he wanted - Yeah...<br /><br />I used to watch this show when I was in college...it was mindless),-1.0
(,"Oliver Stone is not one to shy away from a movie or theme for that matter. He is eager to confront people with their fears or show them their ugly faces in the mirror. Look on his CV for proof! This movie is not an exception),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Reading through all these positive reviews I find myself baffled. How is it that so many enjoyed what I consider to be a woefully bad adaptation of my second favourite Jane Austen novel? There are many problems with the film),-1.0
(,"Something of a disappointment. Lee J. Cobb is the anti-union head of Roxton Garments in New York. His partner in the business is killed when an elevator is unleashed and plunges twenty-seven floors to the bottom of the shaft),-3.0
(,"THE NIGHT EVELYN CAME OUT OF THE GRAVE (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971).<br /><br />I only watched this delirious piece of Euro-tosh in the way of Alpha Video's dreadful DVD-release (looks like an extremely bad video-transfer)),-1.3333333333333333
(,"The fact that there are positive comments about Dan in Real Life on the IMDb just makes me realize that their junket staff are hard at work trying to get people to watch this utterly horrific film.<br /><br />I have no words),-0.75
(,"The good news for IMDb is that this movie was so very bad that it compelled me to register and make a comment. I should add here that I'm a film buff who rarely passes harsh judgment. But sometimes a movie is so poorly acted),-0.25
(,"There is no doubt that Alfred Hitchcock was a seriously talented director. Many of his films are undeniable classics that have stood the test of time and are highly watchable to this day. This list could include The 39 Steps),-1.0
(,"This film has got several key flaws. The first and most significant of which is the clear lack of a good plot! This sadly makes the film not only difficult to watch but also sends the watcher certain feelings of hopelessness),-0.125
(,"This vicious little film is horrendous. My low rating for it comes for two main reasons. The first is that it is an animal snuff film and I find that whole concept so vile it turns my stomach. Filmed over a hundred years ago),-2.5
(,"Watching this stinker constitutes cruel and unusal punishment at the hands of Sandler. Truly a slow and painful death.<br /><br />'Bought the DVD in the $5.88 bin at Wal Mart. But the thought that keeps echoing in my head is),-3.0
(,"Yes. It takes a Norwegian to ruin and slaughter two great books and a concept that would work well on film - this film truly is The Worst Swedish Film Of All Time. I hated it so badly that I even considered walking out on it),-1.25
(,"'Take Fame' and 'You've Got Served' and roughly jam them together and what do you got? This God awful movie custom made for dull-normal adolescents. The plot very closely follows 'You've Got Served.' Three ghetto afro-teeners),-3.0
(,"Brooke Shields -- in a departure from her ""Suddenly Susan"" duties -- plays a bitter divorcee who embroils three girlfriends in a ""girls only"" weekend in Palm Springs. The problem: Brooke is ""unattached"" and on the prowl),-2.0
(,"Falls into the film category of ""Way too ridiculous in the dialogue and execution departments to be taken seriously"". Whereas Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the Thirteenth or My Boyfriend's Back know they are bad),-3.0
(,"Give me my money back! Give me my life back! Give me a bit of credit. This movie was vomit worthy. Useless and time consuming. What a waste of energy and totally pointless. Okay I understand the premise and the idea sound but),-1.0
(,"I don't see the point. It's ponderous. The animated people are creepy (look up uncanny valley). Scenes go on and on and on for very little purpose. The plot is skeletal and must be padded out with lots of meaningless dramatic),-2.0
(,"I fail to see how anyone who has actually read the M. Didius Falco mysteries could make such a mockery of them. An Aussie has no business in Ancient Rome. Nothing of the books is in this film except the setting and characters),-1.5
(,"I gave this movie 2 instead of 1 just just because I am a polite person. This movie made me loose 90 minutes of my life in which I could have done something useful for the human kind or just me. <br /><br />The dialog is poor),-0.25
(,"I have seen a lot of movies...this is the first one I ever walked out of the theater on. Don't even bother renting it. This is about as boring a soap opera as one can see...at least you don't have to pay to watch a soap opera),-2.0
(,"I just saw this movie for the second time with my 8-year-old daughter and I remembered why we liked it the first time. All these people who say it is bad are too uptight and critical! It is simply an entertaining little movie),-0.25
(,"I watched the Pie-lette last night and the word that comes to mind is ""original."" It is a word not used much in TV as they all tend to copy whatever the other network is doing and you end up with seven nights of crime shows),-3.0
(,"Jenny Lewis plays an awkward girl called Jade. She smokes and drinks. She doesn't have a lot of friends and she has a nagging mother(Beverly D'Angelo). Jade finds herself growing closer to her mom's boyfriend Billy(Rob Estes)),-0.5
(,"Klaus Kinski popped up in a sizable number of spaghetti Westerns throughout the 60's and early 70's; he was usually cast in secondary parts as nasty villains. Kooky Klaus lands himself a juicy lead role as Crazy Johnny Laster),-3.0
(,"Massive multiple chills down the spine! I'm surprised there's people who didn't like it! I saw it at 10 o'clock in the morning and still got scared stiff! And I've seen hundreds of thrillers/horror movies! For crying out loud),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Once big action star who fell off the face of the earth ends up in a small town with a problem with drug dealers and a dead body of a federal agent. Reuniting with some former co-stars to clean up the town.<br /><br />Low key),-0.5
(,"Scarecrow is set in the small American town of Emerald Grove where high school student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is considered the local nerdy geek by teachers & fellow students alike. The poor kid suffers daily humiliation),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Sometimes you ignore that little voice in your head that says ""stay away from this movie"". We should all pay more attention to that little voice. This may be the worst movie I've ever had the non-pleasure of sitting through),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Stanley Kramer directs an action thriller and leaves out two key things: action and thrills. THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE features Gene Hackman as a convict sprung from prison in order to perform some mysterious task. Richard Widmark),-2.0
(,"Telly Savalas hams it up as the Mexican revolutionary (though he's matched by Chuck Connors as a military martinet) in this jokey yet rather boring pastiche on the famous historical figure's life and times. An earlier attempt),-3.0
(,"The author sets out on a ""journey of discovery"" of his ""roots"" in the southern tobacco industry because he believes that the (completely and deservedly forgotten) movie ""Bright Leaf"" is about an ancestor of his. Its not),-1.0
(,"The most disposable movie in the history of cinema?This one is a strong contender!Why wasting so much money for such a pointless useless work? The only difference between the HItchcock classic and this poor imitation is color),-1.0
(,"The only thing that prevented this flick from being a total disaster were a couple of interesting stylish touches. <br /><br />(Moderate Spoiler Alert) Death by comic is a bit derivative of a scene in Twilight Zone: The Movie),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This film is not at all as bad as some people on here are saying. I think it has got a decent horror plot and the acting seem normal to me. People are way over-exagerating what was wrong with this. It is simply classic horror),-2.5
(,"This short film certainly pulls no punches. The story is of a butcher who wrongfully kills an innocent man who he believes has sexually molested his retarded daughter. The film goes onto depict how the butcher serves his time),-2.0
(,"""The Man Who Knew Too Much"" (1955) is Alfred Hitchcock's own remake of his 1934 thriller about a married couple (James Stewart and Doris Day) on vacation in Morocco where they got caught up in a nightmare that include murder),-2.0
(,"A truly masterful piece of filmmaking. It managed to put me to sleep and to boggle my mind. So boring that it induces sleep and yet so ludicrous that it made me wonder how stuff like this gets made. Avoid at all costs. That is),-0.5
(,"About 1986 I saw this movie by accident on TV one night. I was 6 years old. It was similar to my accidental viewing of the terrifying ending to Don't Look Now in 1987. I went to Venice on holiday the next year in silent terror),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Girlfight is a story about a troubled teen named Diana Guzman (Michelle Rodriguez). Diana is burdened by her mothers suicide and a sexist father living in a sexist community. A short temper and plenty of things to spark a fire),-1.4
(,"I recently had to watch this for a project in a Sociology class and thought it was absolutely the worst movie I have ever had to sit through. It was like bad a bad cinemax movie with all the ""good bits"" taken out. Bad acting),-0.8
(,"I saw this on a flight over to the U.S and was a little sceptical at first as a few people had said there were so many characters in it that you didnt get to know any of them. However I didnt find this at all. The film is fast),-2.0
(,"I viewed this movie in DVD format. My copy may have been affected but I was disappointed with the lack of menu screen for the DVD. I will say that my initial reason for viewing this movie was Claire Forlani. While fun to watch),-0.25
(,"I've seen this amusing little 'brit flick'many times. The only problem is Its currently unavailable on video or DVD. I'ts certainly a contender for a DVD release. The much missed Richard Jordan plays 'pinky' an Ex-pat American),-1.6666666666666667
(,"In the Old west there are always the men who live breathe violence and the women who hold their breath. A famous ¨town tamer¨ named Clit Tollinger(Robert Mitchum) comes hired by the citizens to rid the gunslingers ( Leo Genn),-3.0
(,"Personally I would advise people to stay clear of this movie. It's on the whole a bore to watch and the fighting is poorly choreographed. Slow and not very convincing. If you buy the Hong Kong Legends DVD release of this movie),-0.5
(,"Religious bigotry is rampant everywhere. Australia is not immune to it.<br /><br />A dingo snatched a baby and the mother was tried and sent to prison for having ""killed"" her own baby. I don't mean to spoil the story for you),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Some movies you'll watch because they touch your soul or challenge you in ways that grow.<br /><br />Some you'll watch because you want to be exposed to adventure or shock outside your experience; these won't directly feed you),-0.2
(,"This film comes as the ultimate disappointment in Tsai Ming-Liang for me. It oozes laziness from its every frame. So I'm not going to analyse it thoroughly either. But some observations:<br /><br />1. If the premise is drought),-2.0
(,"This film is NOT about a cat and mouse fight as stated in the other comment. Its about a cat that has used up 8 of its 9 lives and now lives in fear of loosing its last one. The cat is jumpy and scared to death all of the time),-1.6
(,"This film is a completely inaccurate depiction of the real story of Noah's Ark. The producers probably did not even read the Bible. This is the worst movie I have EVER seen! Noah's wife was never mentioned by name in the Bible),-3.0
(,"This is a treat for fans of Z-grade movies. Here you will find writing and acting bad enough to rival anything Ed Wood ever produced. Veteran bad movie actor Cameron Mitchell is a former makeup man from ""Paragon Studios"" who),-3.0
(,"This is one very confusing movie. The film is very hard to follow and the plot just didn't seem to make any sense. The Fury of the Wolfman was made in Spain and I think that when any film is dubbed from one language to another),-1.5
(,"Truly I Love Lucy as well...comedic genius yes.....MAME...NEVER...she was as ridiculous as Mame...as was the film adaptation of Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya sisterhood. Both just completely missed the point. Roslind Russell was),-2.5
(,"What a master piece. To take the cold war conflict and transport it to the future. This film is satire of the highest order. In my humble opinion it outranks Dr. Strangelove.<br /><br />The clever naming of the two superpowers),-0.6666666666666666
(,"""Dracula II:Ascension"" is the story of a group of medical students who come across the body of Dracula.When a mysterious stranger appears and offers the students $30 million to harvest the body and steal its blood for auction),-2.0
(,"A quick glance at the premise of this film would seem to indicate just another dumb '80's inbred/backwood slash-fest; the type where sex equals death and the actors are all annoying stereotypes you actually want to die. However),-1.5
(,"Anyone who knows anything about evolution wouldn't even need to see the film to say ""fake"". ""it's never been disproved"" also is a weak argument. Saying the universe was created by a giant hippo cannot be disproved. Although),-2.5
(,"Do the writers that conjure up these type of ""comedies"" have such empty lives that they have to embody them in tragic shows like this?.<br /><br />Why the talented and gorgeous Busy Phillips is amongst this trash is beyond me),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I first saw this as a child living in East London. The scars of Hitlers Luftwaffe were all too evident and the landscape of the movie was reminiscent of our street. I remember having nightmares after seeing it. The odd thing is),-2.0
(,"I'm just quite disappointed with ""Soul Survivors"". It doesn't worth even a comment in this forum. The script is very poor as well as all the ""acting"" and for our entertainment it features a pointless plot.<br /><br />Please),-0.6666666666666666
(,"It is not surprising that this film was made by I'm Kwon Taek at the time it was. He examined the early beauty and tragedy of Chosun Dynasty life in Seopyonje and delightfully explored a well-known Korean folk tale in Chunhyang),-2.0
(,"Not a bad word to say about this film really. I wasn't initially impressed by it but it grew on me quickly. I like it a lot and I think its a shame that many people can't see past the fact that it was banned in some territories),-0.4
(,"Recap: Zandalee is a young woman that feels more and more trapped in her marriage with Thierry. Thierry himself is struggling with the death of his father the previous year and has lost his way. He has submerged himself in work),-2.25
(,"This is one really bad movie. I've racked my brain and I cannot come up with one positive comment to make. The acting is atrocious. I've seen more believable performances on cable access. The plot is ridiculous. Stolen diamonds),-0.5
(,"This self-indulgent mess may have put the kibosh on Mr. Branagh's career as an adapter of Shakespeare for the cinema. (Released 4 years ago; not a peep of an adaptation since.) I just finished watching this on cable -- holy God),-2.0
(,"Worse than mediocre thriller about an abused wife who goes on the lam after she is linked circumstantially to the death of her husband and sister. Determined to prove that her husband is alive she follows leads across the state),-1.3333333333333333
(,"You know you're in for something different when a movie has Christopher Walken playing the part of a professional hit man - and he isn't even one of the bad guys! Although it could do with some judicious trimming here and there),-3.0
(,"...Or is this another way below the bottom-of-the-barrel masterpiece? Preferably both! Somewhere between 1969 and 1972 came a host of several horrible horror movies that are all but lost again. Nothing more needs to be explained),-3.0
(,"CyberTracker is set in Los Angeles sometime in the near future where bodyguard Eric Phillips (co-producer Don 'The Dragon' Wilson) saves senator Robert Dilly (John Aprea) from an assassination attempt by a group known as the UHR),-3.0
(,"Did I step in something or is that bad smell coming from Daybreak 1 + 2? God was behind everything? What has God got to do with Sci-Fi? God is only the answer when you can't think up a sensible explanation for something. In fact),-3.0
(,"First I want to clarify that the average user's inability to appreciate imagination is appalling. What makes this show so unique is the hyper-reality it creates. You don't need to know why Ned can bring people back from the dead),-0.5
(,"I always believed that a film that's plot is centred around a virtual reality video game never sounds as though it's going to be anything special but eXistenZ proved I couldn't have been more wrong. This film is unbelievable and),-1.0
(,"I just finished watching this film and think it is one of the worst films I have ever seen. It was so boring that I found myself zooming through it at X2 speed and finished it in less than 30 minutes. I was not just disappointed),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I saw this movie not knowing anything about it before hand. The plot was terrible with large gaps of information missing. The movie didn't have the ""battle of wits"" feel to me. The actors just spewed out mouthful's of nonsense),-2.0
(,"I watched this movie with big expectations. The blurb on the back indicated that this was going to be a nasty one. But it was pretty tame and a little unsatisfying. The violence was nothing I haven't seen a thousand times before),-1.0
(,"If you are going to attempt building tension in a film it is always a good idea not to build it beyond the point of total tedium.<br /><br />Unfortunately the Butcher Brothers haven't grasped this yet.<br /><br />This film sucks),-0.3333333333333333
(,"It's the 1980's and the teenagers are ready to party it up in a scary old house that is rumored to be haunted by the ghost of Murder McGee. After mistakenly conjuring the dead through an unfinished conversation on an Ouija board),-2.0
(,"Robin Williams and Kurt Russell play guys in their 30's who put their marraiges in jeopardy by deciding (Russell somewhat reluctantly) to replay their heartbreaking tie with rival Bakersfield years after the fact. Williams is ok),-2.5
(,"The film attempts to be a mockumentary--shot in the documentary form but with many obviously scripted parts--but fails in not providing the audience with any characters with which to create the illusion of the mockumentary. Also),-2.0
(,"The sitcom ""The league of Gentlemen"" follows the lives of several bizarre inhabitants of the fictional village ""Royston Vasey"". The different scenes are linked together by their common setting.<br /><br />In the first series),-2.0
(,"There have been numerous productions that tell of the development of the atomic bomb. The Robert Taylor film ABOVE AND BEYOND (flag waving interservice propaganda really; if you believe this one you think that the Army Air Corps),-2.0
(,"This film is about the unlikely friendship between a businessman and a man with Down Syndrome.<br /><br />The character development in this film is excellent. We get to believe that Harry is a businessman who neglects his family),-2.0
(,"This movie was a real torture fest to sit through. Its first mistake is treating nuclear power as so self-evidently a 'bad thing' that it barely needs to convince the audience of it. When it does stoop to putting in its argument),-1.6666666666666667
(,"To say I was disappointed is an understatement. An amateur film made by professionals. I was about to leave the theater in two or three occasions (something I've never done)I was stopped by Cloris Leachman really. She rings true),-0.5
(,"Troubled men's magazine photographer Adrien Wilde (well played with considerable intensity by Michael Callan) has horrific nightmares in which he brutally murders his models. When the lovely ladies start turning up dead for real),-1.25
(,"Would somebody please explain why anybody would want to make a ""British neo-noir"" crime film with a cast almost entirely American? The accents spoken in this film are bloody awful! But entirely in keeping with the performances),-1.0
(,"As a child of the 80's like so many of the other reviewers here I hated the original V and V: the Final Battle. I own both on VHS and never hook up the VCR to watch them. I do remember not liking this short lived series very much),-0.5
(,"Blue Monkey (1987) or 'Invasion of the BodySuckers' as it's known here in the UK was a pretty boring horror movie about an old man who gets bitten in a greenhouse by some mysterious toxic plant!!!! The man gets rushed to hospital),-1.0
(,"Hundstage is an intentionally ugly and unnerving study of life in a particularly dreary suburb of Vienna. It comes from former documentary director Ulrich Seidl who adopts a very documentary-like approach to the material. However),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I first saw this movie about 3 years ago. I was shocked at how stupid the FBI was not to prevent such a tragedy. It could have been easily prevented. This movie was just unbelievable.<br /><br />Now seeing it after September 11th),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I knew nothing of this film before I was convinced to see it by a friend who had heard it was a ""non-stop epic battle scene from beginning to end"". That couldn't have been further from the truth. This was one of the most boring),-1.0
(,"I rarely shut a movie off after the first 10 minutes but that is what I did with this one. What turned me off was it was so obvious that the only purpose of this movie was to expose as much skin of as many B actresses as possible),-1.0
(,"I remember watching this movie when it came out as a t.v. movie of the week in the early 1970's.<br /><br />Although I haven't seen this movie in over 30 years I remember how creepy it was...the sister's dead body in the basement),-3.0
(,"I'm sorry but this guy is not funny. I swear I've heard heard 4 year olds come up with better jokes then some of his. ""Dee dee dee"" for instance is possibly the worst catch phrase I've ever heard. It lacks any creativity at all),-0.4
(,"I've read a lot of reviews about Showtime on IMDb and many seem to miss the mark. I've noticed a lot of reviewers calling this the typical ""buddy"" film. De Niro is in no way Murphy's buddy throughout most of this movie. In fact),-1.5
(,"I've seen a lot of bad movies in my life. Date Movie. That was bad. But this...this is just...it's not good. House Party 4 is the worst movie ever. It's as simple as that. It's basically Ferris Bueller with black people in it. Oh),-3.0
(,"The genre of suspense films really takes a dive in this one. The big problem is IMPLAUSABILITY. I realize that you need to create difficult situations which would cause suspense and the tense feeling of whats going to happen next),-0.6
(,"This film laboured along with some of the most predictable story lines and shallow characters ever seen. The writer obviously bought the playbook ""How to write a space disaster movie"" and followed it play by play. In particular),-2.0
(,"This film started off really tense when a poor young boy is set upon by a pack of savage dogs. After a tense chase he is saved by said grandpa with magic whip.<br /><br />We are then introduced to a string of annoying house mates),-1.2
(,"This is easily one of the worst movies i have ever seen. There is so much at the house that goes wrong that would not happen it isn't even funny. Granted this is a movie meaning things that won't happen in normal life happen here),-2.5
(,"This is the single worst movie I have ever seen. I cannot express how bad it is. I honestly wanted to kill myself several times through this atrocious experience just to have the pain end. I recommend instead of seeing this movie),-1.8
(,"Was really looking forward to seeing a continuation of Lonesome Dove but this was total garbage. Cinematography was terrible. Shot way too tight. Was almost viewing the Grand Canyon through a stationary telescope. Editing was cut),-1.0
(,"You don't have to spend much time watching this made for TV movie or series pilot or whatever it was intended to be to figure out just what lies in store. The incredibly bad musical score makes its debut from the start. Seriously),-3.0
(,"(Spoilers Ahead!) This same exact plot from this movie has been done before. It has been done in Ferris Bueller's Day Off! Marques ""Bat Man"" Houston plays sick. His gullible parents believe him. His sister knows that he's faking),-2.5
(,"***SPOILERS*** Let's start with the ""good"" of this film--the serviceable acting of Cynthia Rothrock and Richard Norton. The rest of the acting is awful (this isn't aided by the atrocious script). The worst culprit is the villain),-1.0
(,"**SPOILERS** The killer in the movie doesn't wait a second as we see him sneaking into a girls shower and hacking her to death taking her severed and bloodied arm as he makes his getaway. We then get this official looking prologue),-2.0
(,"1936 was the most prolific year for Astaire and Rogers. Their second film for RKO that year is the third film in this collection  Mark Sandrich's 'Follow The Fleet.' This time out Astaire is painfully uncomfortable as Bake Baker),-2.0
(,"A terrible movie containing a bevy of D-list Canadian actors who seem so self-conscious about the fact they are on-camera that their performances are overly melodramatic and quite forgettable.<br /><br />This film is badly written),-3.0
(,"As I said in my comment about the first part: These two movies are better than most Science Fiction Fans confess.<br /><br />The scenario in the second movie is not that moving as we don't see the destruction of human civilization),-0.5
(,"Bob Clampett's 'An Itch in Time' milks seven minutes of crazy action out of a very small premise. Elmer Fudd tells his dog that if he scratches himself just once more that he will be given a dreaded bath. Unfortunately for the dog),-2.0
(,"Fellowe's drama about a couple's marriage which is threatened by a younger third party which interests the wife of the house (Watson). Wilkinson plays the role very well as the troubled husband who cant control his wife's cheating),-1.0
(,"For those of us that lived thru those weeks of filming in town and around the Valley - lest we not forget the tedious days of road closures and ""film-making"". As a reminder to those that live here - locales include Boulder Creek),-1.0
(,"I can't believe I actually sat through the whole thing. This movie has the worst acting since Killjoy.<br /><br />Here is a brief outline of the plot: The movie starts out with Jojo and that other chick sitting around on the beach),-3.0
(,"I think this is probably one of the worst movies I've watched in a long time.<br /><br />Trying to get the 'same characters' with different people is *such* a bad idea. If they couldn't get Sara Michelle G. and Ryan P. in this one),-3.0
(,"I understood before watching this film that it would be a low budget gore film. But even by those low standards this film doesn't cut it. <br /><br />The problem isn't so much that the filmmakers had a low budget or had bad acting),-2.0
(,"I watched this film with a bunch of friends at a Halloween party last night. I got to say that the sarcastic comments were never ending and I have to say that they were well deserved. Though I felt that the directing was done well),-2.0
(,"I watched this movie yesterday and was highly disappointed.<br /><br />Heather Graham and Tom Cavanaugh basically had to carry this awkwardly unbelievable script for five hours (or however long it actually was). From the beginning),-1.0
(,"It is unbelievable that a script as cliché and completely absurd could make any screen even the small one. The dialogue in this movie makes Catwoman seem like a high culture classic. Billy Zane plays the bad ass harmonica playing),-1.5
(,"MINOR PLOT SPOILERS AHEAD!!!<br /><br />How did such talented actors get involved in such mindless retreaded<br /><br />drivel? Robert DeNiro plays a Dumb Hollywood version of the standard<br /><br />violence prone tough cop (i.e.),-2.0
(,"Maybe I'm missing something because I've read more positive things about The Man Who Cheated Himself than I have read bad reviews - and I just don't get it. I like my noirs to have a little style to them with characters that speak),-0.25
(,"My wife and I watched this after DVR'ing it off of Encore action this past week. It has to be the worst horror flick either of us had ever seen. Predictable dialogue ( my wife and I were guessing the lines before they were spoken)),-3.0
(,"Saw this 'film' recently and have to say it was the worst attempt at film making I have ever had the misfortune to see. What the Hell was going on with Coolio? Totally unprovoked shooting at people in distress. Totally uninvolving),-3.0
(,"The major fault in this film is that it is impossible to believe any of these people would ever be cast in a professional production of Macbeth. Hearing David Lansbury's soft voice struggling laboriously with the famous ""Tomorrow),-2.0
(,"This extremely low-budget monster flick centers around a group of mine surveyors exploring an abandoned gold mine in order to see if its worth reopening. They get trapped after a cave in and find they are at the mercy of a strange),-0.2
(,"This weekend just passed I watched ""28 Weeks Later"" which was very good. After that I watched this film. <br /><br />I have tell you it is one of the most boring so called horror you could ever watch. The scenes were unrealistic),-3.0
(,"What happened? Those were the first words to come to mind after this awful movie finished for the first and last time on my computer screen. Nightmare on Elm St. had gone noticeably downhill after it's cult-classic of a first film),-3.0
(,"Words can't describe how bad this movie is. I can't explain it by writing only. You have too see it for yourself to get at grip of how horrible a movie really can be. Not that I recommend you to do that. There are so many clichés),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Years have past since Alex Rain (played by Olivier Gruner in the first movie) stumbled onto the horrific plot that involved replacing humans with machines however since then a war between cyborgs and humans has emerged and we lost),-2.6666666666666665
(,"i've watched this movie (movie?) casually and i've never stop watching because is so ridiculous any dog can play this act and will be better then the actors (actors?)of this bad remake of the Fatal Attraction there is no directing),-1.2
(,"""A death at a college campus appears to be a suicide but is actually a cover for murder. The dead man's roommate finds himself embroiled in a mystery as he tries to uncover the truth behind the young man's murder. Twists and turns),-2.3333333333333335
(,"""Casomai"" is a masterful tale depicting the story of a young couple who wade through the murky waters of marriage. The story is very believable in telling the strange see-saw between oblivion and continuous interference by others),-1.0
(,"12 year old Arnald Hillerman accidentally kills his older brother Eugene. His feelings are arrested by the fact that his family can not interact with him (or feel it is not the right thing to do). His ONLY refuge is his grandfather),-2.6666666666666665
(,"1960's kid show with ex-vaudevillians playing handy men for hire. As you can expect they are a disaster at everything they do. Over the course of the 11 minute episodes (leaving 4 minutes for commercials in the 15 minute time slot)),-2.0
(,"<br /><br />Attack Of The Killer Tomatoes is a ""parody"" of bad monster movies which ends up being worse than the movies it spoofs. The (very meager) story tells of tomatoes who revolt against those who treat them badly. Basically),-3.0
(,"A call-girl witnesses a murder and becomes the killer's next target. Director Brian De Palma is really on a pretentious roll here: his camera swoops around corners in a museum (after lingering a long time over a painting of an ape)),-2.0
(,"A few things to touch on as a response to the earlier person's comment. You just have to pay attention to what is going on in the film.<br /><br />(I guess they are spoilers)<br /><br />The red stuff under David's mouth? Poison ivy),-1.0
(,"A schizophrenic has escaped from a NYC mental hospital and soon teachers start getting offed at St. Trinity University. New teacher Julie (Francine Forbes) has to deal with the mess of red herrings. Despite a 78 minute running time),-2.0
(,"ARMED AND DANGEROUS is not one of the greats of John Candy. This film about a fired cop who ends up working for a small security system run by the mob is very weak and not very much a comedy. There are some moments that I did enjoy),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Amazing effects for a movie of this time. A primer of the uselessness of war and how war becomes a nurturer of itself.<br /><br />A wonderful thing about this movie is it is now public domain and available at archive.org. No charge),-0.5
(,"Another trashy Grade Z quickie from the prolific Albert Pyun. Tim Thomerson´s 13 inch Clint Eastwood-like cop from outer space chases an ugly flying head(!) to Earth and gets involved in a gang war in South Bronx! Mercifully short),-2.5
(,"Canthony is correct that this little short is just an excuse to hear a very young Judy Garland (fourteen years old!) singing with a slightly older (by one year) Deanna Durbin. But I must disagree with everything else he or she said),-1.0
(,"I had VERY low expectations for this alleged ""re-imagining"" of the original -- and they weren't even met! What were they thinking? (Answer: They weren't.) Please don't waste your time on this Hollywood trash fest. Clip your nails),-1.0
(,"I thought this movie was awful. I understand it was shot on a small budget but the acting was terrible and the movie itself was just plain dumb. The plot was predictable and the central character was an unsympathetic moron. In fact),-3.0
(,"I watched Princess of the Nile for the first time when I was about 10 years old. I am 63 now and have never forgotten the movie. Nor have I gotten over my fascination with Egypt. I have searched the internet trying to buy the movie),-1.0
(,"It had potential...it really did. But there is so much about the movie that was ridiculous and laughable. I'm a horror movie weenie and I thought it was stupid; as did my 13-year old! I was expecting to be at least creeped-out. And),-3.0
(,"It is hard to imagine two actors of such class and experience as Michael Caine and Michael Gambon getting involved in such an embarrassingly inept film. The responsibility for this ill-judged production has to be down to the writer),-1.0
(,"It's difficult to decide whether this movie suffers from crap dialogue or if it's just made to appear so by crap actors. In any case it suffers from storywriting which is mediocre at best.<br /><br />Although made in the late '80's),-2.2
(,"Oh dear. While Chevy Chase and the gang at SNL set new highs with the sketch show format this fails miserably at every level. Fortunately Chevy is barely in this at all and can't be blamed for this utter tripe. It seriously is very),-2.0
(,"The danish movie ""Slim Slam Slum"" surprised me to be the worst movie i have seen to this date. I didn't think that it was possible to top my list of bad bad b-movies but this one deserves the gold. It's not funny. It's bad acting),-2.0
(,"This film was not all that bad as the story went but the camera work is what makes it difficult to watch. I just don't like that so-called ""realistic"" camera work that is being done nowadays; you know the type- jumping off center),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This film was such a mess I actually reimbursed my friends who I dragged to see it. The only reason I went to see it was that my friend was an apprentice editor on the shoot.<br /><br />I'm sure that this film was meant to be campy),-1.5
(,"This is the most boring worthless piece of crap I've ever wasted an hour of my life on. All I can say is thank God it was only an hour. Over half of this 'movie' is footage from the original ""Criminally Insane"". At the very least),-1.6
(,"This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life. The plot and message are horrible. There are too many mistakes in this movie that it's impossible to keep up. I don't even understand how this movie can get any nomination),-2.5
(,"This movie contains the worst acting performance of all time. Spilsbury lacks energy to say the least. Energy is what Clayton Moore gave us in spades. I never felt once in this movie that Spilsbury was anxious for anything. Revenge),-2.5
(,"This seemed to be a lackluster film to me that betrays a low budget with poor cinematography and not all that great of a job of editing. It may be of interest to those who know something about submarines during the World War II era),-0.25
(,"Yuck! And again I say...YUCK! The original version of this movie was a well directed story of a man who was already dead and driving through purgatory. The original movie had a lot to say and didn't go out of its way to say it. And),-3.0
(,"this is the first of a two part back-story to the conflict between the machines and mankind in the Matrix world and it delivers spectacularly by combining observations on man's fear of the unknown and of being usurped with politics),-2.0
(,"<br /><br />I saw once No Man's Land (1987) - IMDB link http://us.imdb.com/Title?0093638 - and found it ok. The film is about a guy who steals only Porsches. Gone in Sixty Seconds comes 13 years after and adds nothing to it. In fact),-2.0
(,"A bumbling error at the Ministry Of Education results in Nutbourne Boys School having to share with St Swithin's School For Girls. This bemuses the respective head teachers of each school and leads to all manner of chaotic goings on),-1.0
(,"Detective Dave Robicheaux is trying to link the murder of a local hooker to New Orleans mobster Julie Balboni. But during his investigation Robicheaux is led into a series of surreal encounters with a troop of Confederate soldiers??),-2.0
(,"Even the first 10 minutes of this movie were horrific. It's hard to believe that anybody other than John Cusack would have put money into this. With a string of anti-military/anti-war movies already being destroyed at the box office),-2.0
(,"Gene Hackman gets himself busted out of prison by a nameless government agency who want him for an assassination. It's a given of course that Hackman has the proficient skills for the job.<br /><br />Nobody tells him anything though),-0.5
(,"Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II starts at the Hamilton High School prom of 1957 where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) is cheating on her date Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill finds out & is devastated),-2.0
(,"Hi To read the entire plot around ""OZ"" just look at IMDb here to find it.<br /><br />**WARNING SPOILERS INSIDE THIS REVIEW !** Oz is the a series that has not only moved me but also shows a small bit. Of the American prison system),-2.0
(,"I have no idea why this flick is getting such a bad rap by so many IMDb users (Some are saying it's his 'worst movie ever.' What?? Haven't any of you seen Cradle 2 The Grave?) My favorite criticism is that the plot is totally stupid),-1.2
(,"I have no words to really describe this series.<br /><br />The premise behind this concept (a highly hyperactive girl with a very eccentric personality which ends up whirling up a team of oddballs into her own rendering of the world),-1.0
(,"I should put out an alert all over saying that the movie shouldn't be watched. It fails to a fitting tribute in such a magnificent manner that it is almost an insult to the memory of those brave men. The special effect were horrible),-1.2
(,"I think the ""Bone Snatcher"" should go after anyone associated with this movie. Watching this will seem like the longest 90 minutes or so of your entire life. The plot is boring and stupid. There were no scenes that were horrifying),-0.6666666666666666
(,"If you thought that the original from 83 was bad then try out this modern day masterpiece. How could it be worse more you ask? Well...at least in the first one you had Ally Sheedy jogging in a sports bra. Other than updated graphics),-3.0
(,"One can only sit in utter amazement at this mess of a film and be amused at some of the raves people have bestowed upon it. The biggest problem seems to be the director's inability to make up his mind as to whether it's black comedy),-0.4
(,"Proudly and defiantly working class porter Perks(Mr B.Cribbins)is eventually won over by upper middle class family down on their luck. Father(Mr I.Cuthbertson) incarcerated for treason - for which the penalty was death in those days),-1.0
(,"Some films just simply should not be remade. This is one of them. In and of itself it is not a bad film. But it fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the 1963 film of the same title. Liam Neeson was excellent as he always is),-1.25
(,"The subject is World War II and Robert Ryan is a rejected soldier whom Lupino hires as handyman. She is a war widow.<br /><br />The set is limited but the acting makes up for this. Robert Ryan is conflicted: one moment he seems nice),-0.25
(,"Things to Come is indeed a classic work of speculative fiction; both an essay on the destructive nature of war and the terrors of progress. It makes some surprising accurate depictions of the war that was to follow a few years later),-2.25
(,"This series was a cut above the rest of the TV detective series of the day but somehow didn't find an audience.<br /><br />The idea of a blind detective may not be totally new but added so much to the story. And who could forget Pax),-1.0
(,"This was truly a deeply moving movie in every sense of the word. I myself was a Mormon missionary and I know first hand the wanting to complete my mission but at the same time hiding the fact that I was gay. Like the character Aaron),-1.0
(,"Apparently there's a very good reason why I never heard about ""Dr. Hackenstein"" before me and a couple of mates accidentally stumbled upon it and stupidly decided to give it a chance. That reason is: it sucks! It's a very pointless),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Considering the original film version of 'The Haunting"" is in my top ten films of all time' I approached this adaption with trepidation. I was right to be cautious as this film is a poorly written and badly executed load of old tosh),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Could anyone please stop John Carpenter from continuously and deliberately ruining his reputation? How low can you go? It seems this man has lost any self respect.<br /><br />This episode looks like it has been done by a film student),-0.6
(,"Drew Latham(Ben Affleck)is determined not to be lonely this Christmas. Not only is Drew a millionaire; but also obnoxious and guilty of being very grandiose. Drew goes back to the home he grew up in and offers the family living there),-1.5
(,"I enjoyed this film very much. I found it to be very entertaining for me in that I feel that it captured the romanticism of turn of the century Irish-American culture. There's no messages. There's no violence and there's no overt sex),-0.8
(,"I must say I was surprised to find several positive comments to this turkey (in desperate need of a feather transplant)! I'm giving it a 1 because I think the idea of making a movie about the wild man of rock'n'roll - Jerry Lee Lewis),-0.5
(,"I saw this film some years ago and promptly bought the soundtrack because it was simply excellent. Bacharach's music is endearing and should be given the recognition it richly deserves. The cinematography is awesome. Critics hated it),-3.0
(,"I seem to be disagreeing with a lot of folks here. but I really did not find this movie as scintillating as the reviews I read claimed. It was no doubt a touching story and the partition background provided the scope for an epic. but),-1.0
(,"I'm not sure why there are no articles or posters or anything about this film because I just saw it and thought it was AWESOME. I guess it's not for everyone because it's basically Kafka's ""The Trial"" meets ""Beevis and Butt-Head""),-1.0
(,"If you're going to put on a play within the prison walls why not go for the top playwright William Shakespeare? And if you are going to choose your cast from a whole lot of criminals serving long sentences for the most heinous crimes),-1.25
(,"Many questions arise about the making of this film. The first of which is: Why make a film that plays out as little more than an awkward female fantasy? It's one thing to leave an audience with issues to discuss about a film's intent),-1.5
(,"Monika Mitchell's showbiz satire has some laughs and some premeditated violence. I wouldn't say blood-soaked; but there is insult and injury. Max Matteo(John Cassini)is a character actor that has a quirky adaptable presence on screen),-0.5
(,"Peter Lorre gives one of his most evil performances as the owner of the titled place. The plot has a new government agent being put on the track of Peter Lorre's character. When the G-man's contact his killed by one of Lorre's agents),-3.0
(,"Saw this on French TV today and was most disappointed ! The film starts off reasonably well but nothing is elucidated and at the end we are no farther forward than in the beginning. As to seeing the husband for the murder of his wife),-1.6666666666666667
(,"The scariest thing about this horror movie is that the end alludes to a sequel. 'The Cave' is really a disappointing action movie. A team of cave and undersea researchers go to Romania (one of these inexpensive places to make a movie),-2.0
(,"This is a rather dull movie about a scientist that creates a teleporter device and gets horribly disfigured when he uses the machine to transport himself. Simple plot done before in the fly and others. Not only does he get disfigured),-2.0
(,"This movie pops up now and again on the ABC in Australia at about 3 am in the morning.<br /><br />It starts off with the scene of a bus crash in London.<br /><br />The films has got flashbacks of each character as the film progresses),-2.0
(,"Virtual Sexuality proves that Britain can produce romantic comedies as vapid as those from America. The only differences are an ending that ties up the loose bits differently than an American film would and a cameo by Ram John Holder),-3.0
(,"What a load of rubbish.. I can't even begin to describe how awful this film was. The rating it has here is really hard to believe.<br /><br />Avoid... Particularly if you enjoyed the first ginger snaps. The first one was well written),-2.0
(,"When I ordered this from Blockbuster's website I had no idea that it would be as terrible as it was. Who knows? Maybe I'd forgotten to take my ADD meds that day. I do know that from the moment the cast drove up in their station wagon),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Wizards of the Lost Kingdom is a movie about a young prince (Simon) who is banished from his kingdom due to his father (the king) being killed by the cliche ""evil adviser"". This movie's about Simon's adventures. The special effects),-3.0
(,"*** WARNING! SPOILERS CONTAINED HEREIN! ***<br /><br /> This is a semi-autobiographical look at what might happen to Madonna if she were ever to be stranded on a deserted island. There's absolutely no challenge to Madonna in this role),-1.0
(,"An expedition party made up of constantly bickering and obnoxious jerks go trekking into the dangerous African jungle in search of both a fortune in diamonds and a missing young lady named Diana (luscious brunette looker Katja Biernet),-2.5
(,"DON'T EVEN TRY to figure out the logic of this story. But do ride along with 10-year-old Gus on the most bizarre road trip ever witnessed. More weird characters and implausible situations than a Twin Peaks reunion! Nothing makes sense),-2.0
(,"Exceptionally bad! I don't expect much from Garcia since he is one of the most overrated actors today but Keaton really should have known this movie would suck and gotten out while he could (not that I'm especially fond of him but hey),-0.5
(,"I have a six month old baby at home and time to time she fights sleep really bad. One morning she was having a particular difficult time getting to sleep when the doodle bops theme song came on T.V. She stopped crying almost instantly),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I have not managed to completely block out this film from memory even though it has been two years since I've seen it.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong - I have long forgotten the main story line - the relationship between Kidman and Law),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I watched this movie last night and already I am struggling to recollect very much about it. The story is about a group of criminals who escape from a space penal colony. They fly to the Moon in a space-age dustbin carrier; when there),-2.0
(,"If you have trouble suspending disbelief then this isn't for you. Consider: a woman already in late middle age finds a newborn baby in a cabbage patch and raises it as her own. Think about it; she makes no attempt to locate the mother),-1.5
(,"The Evil is about a big house where a bad spirit is foolishly unleashed to torture all inside. What a washout of a movie! There's not a single scary scene. Not one! Richard Crenna overplays a nothing role. There's some animated ghosts),-1.4
(,"The movie is basically a boring string of appalling clichés which do not offer a real cross-cultural insight. The Middle Eastern leg of the journey is described in a particularly irritating way: there obviously are mud brick villages),-2.6666666666666665
(,"The only redeeming quality of this overlong miscast melodrama is the scenery of southern France and the voice of Nana Mascouri singing the theme song. Stephanie Powers is miscast and betrayed by a phony accent. As has been pointed out),-3.0
(,"This movie was utterly and unequivocally terrible. The plot was so predictable and boring and the script so corny and pretentious that by the end I wanted to stab my eyes with the nearest pen.<br /><br />Normally I don't write reviews),-2.5
(,"Two little girls strike a friendship. One tries to convince the other she's a witch. The other is a pushover who bends to the would be witch's will. On and on the movie drags with the pointless interaction between the two little girls),-0.3333333333333333
(,"What the heck was this. Somebody obviously read Stephen King and Sartre in the same semester. We get existential angst mixed in with cheap horror. There were moments that were disturbing but each one was canceled out by horrible music),-2.5
(,"Who else other than Troma can take the classic tragedy and change it around to todays standards???? No one....in my opinion the Leonardo DiCaprio one sucked. Tromeon & juliet is a definite stretch from the original Shakesperan tragedy),-2.0
(,"""The Apartment Complex"" is a campy comedy full of kookie characters created in lieu of a real story which tells a young psych student (Lowe) who takes a job managing an apartment complex and becomes embroiled in a murder mystery...um),-0.5
(,"*Spoilers* Some people claim that Natural Born Killers is brilliant criticism of the media obsession with violence. But this contention ignores the actual content of the film. Oliver Stone could have shown his serial killers as vicious),-0.25
(,"Action. Comedy. Suspense. This movie has it all.<br /><br />The Plot goes that 4 would be professional thieves are invited to take part in a heist in a small town in Montana. every type of crime movie archetype character is here. Frank),-3.0
(,"But to be a little more precise I do not think that it is as bad as it actually could be. Eventhough the actors (famous to semi-famous) didn't do a very great job. Directors fault? Could be the script as well hard for me to say? Anyway),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Director Otto Preminger reunites with his Laura stars Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney in this rough and ready to rumble film noir: Where The Sidewalk Ends. This film is complete with a well-written crime story with interesting characters),-0.5
(,"I don't know what else to say about this horrible movie that hasn't already been said. Honestly I have only myself to be angry with. I should have know better when I saw the title of this movie that it would be a horrible piece of crap),-2.0
(,"Obnoxious Eva Longoria dies on her wedding day when an ice sculpture of an angel (without wings) falls on her off the back of a truck and kills her. She is then tries to ruin the relationship of her ex-boyfriend with his new girlfriend),-2.5
(,"The Legend of Bloody Jack is set in the Alaskan wilderness & starts as a relative of some murderous deceased occultist Lumberjack reads incantations (The Evil Dead (1982) style) from an ancient spell book in an attempt to resurrect him),-3.0
(,"The only reason I DVRd this movie was because 1. I live in Cleveland and Shaq plays basketball for us now and 2. I've always heard how awful it was. The movie did not disappoint. The best parts were Shaq's outfits. The worst parts were),-1.0
(,"The thing that makes this movie so scary is the way that it portrays Andre and Calvin as (relatively) normal guys. These are definitely not people who want to become professional filmmakers since they goof around in front of the camera),-0.5
(,"The title is a misnomer:the movie depicts barely one year of the so-called ""divin marquis"" .Twas a hard time for him 'cause he was threatened by the guillotine :the quiet joys of the reign of Terror .<br /><br />Historically speaking),-1.5
(,"They changed the title of this atrocity to An Unexpected Love. The only thing worse is the film itself. The script contains dialogue that would be laughed out of a third grade play recital. At one point when the wife leaves the husband),-1.0
(,"This film was one of three that were later combined by Chapin into a compilation that was released to theaters in the late 1950s under the title ""The Chaplin Review"".<br /><br />This was an odd film in some ways because later in life),-2.0
(,"This is one of those films that explore the culture clash of Eastern born people in Westernized cultures. <br /><br />Loving on Tokyo Time is a sad film about the inability of opposites to attract due to major cultural differences. Ken),-1.25
(,"i just glanced over another comment posted here in which the writer discusses the disturbing ways the teenagers in this film use the body of their dead friend. one overlooked in this statement is perhaps the most unsettling of them all),-2.0
(,"this is complete crap do not watch the main character is so f u c king concerned that the doc's bomb shelter is not big enough for everyone thus he claims the doc is playing god by saying who lives and who dies all during his 13itching),-0.5
(,"""A scientist has developed a serum which grotesquely distorts the victim's hands and heads. The scientist decides to use his serum on a concert pianist to extort money from him for the cure as well as take the man's daughter for a wife),-2.0
(,"""All the world's a stage and its people actors in it""--or something like that. Who the hell said that theatre stopped at the orchestra pit--or even at the theatre door? Why is not the audience participants in the theatrical experience),-1.0
(,"""Landscape after a battle"" opens with escaping prisoners over a snowy field full of fences - in rather funny movements accompanied by Vivaldis Four Seasons. A touching opening. But we soon enough learn to know these prisoners as a mob),-0.4
(,"'Tycus' is almost as bad as a science fiction film can go.<br /><br />I can hardly find something good to say about this film. The premises are completely wrong. A comet is supposed to hit the Moon and cause catastrophic damage to Earth),-1.75
(,"****Don't read this review if you want the shocking conclusion of ""The Crater Lake Monster"" to be a total surprise****<br /><br />A claymation plesiosaur rises from the depths of Crater Lake to wreak havoc on a group of local rednecks),-1.0
(,"A student filmmaker enlists a B-grade actress (a delectably diva-ish MOLLY RINGWALD!) to complete the horror film that her mother (a dreadfully dull Kylie Minogue!) tried to make 12 years ago. It's a curious plot choice to say the least),-0.5
(,"Ah yet another Seagal movie.In no less than a few mere months arrive to populate the video store shelves.As bad as Submerged?No.But that is not saying much.Like perfume on a pig.<br /><br />Seagal is professional thief who wants to quit),-2.0
(,"Aubrey Davis (Amber Tamblyn) travels to Tokyo to investigate the mysterious disappearance of her sister Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar) and gets caught up in the same mysterious curse that has killed so many people. With a group of others),-2.0
(,"I can't believe they even released such a movie. The only good acting came from the water in the movie. This has to be one of worst (if not the worst) movie I have ever seen.<br /><br />The only scary part of the movie is the bad acting),-1.6
(,"I love documentaries. The Andy Goldsworthy doc was great.I looked forward to this one - but was very disappointed. I knew of Kahn and was intrigued by the idea of his lonely death in a Penn Station men's room. There must be a story here),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I think if they made ANY MONEY make a complete turd bomb like this one. The I need to get into the movie industry. I wiped my ass on a piece of toilet paper and made a better script once. Watch when the guy is running through the tunnel),-0.25
(,"I was more entertained by watching my wife almost pull her hair out in frustration through most of this movie. I thought something that would tie it all together would be just around the corner of the dairy barn any minute. So I cheated),-2.5
(,"If this book remained faithful to the book then we can only assume that the author was ignorant of history. Mark Anthony never died of injuries obtained in battle as depicted. He died a coward's death by committing suicide and even then),-1.125
(,"It wasn't until I looked at the trivia section that I found out that the original producer/star of this movie Tyrone Power died during its making . This no doubt explains why everyone on screen seems to have their minds on other things ),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Late film critic Gene Siskel said that this movie shows how easy it is to make a movie. He was giving it a compliment even though now that might have been taken as an insult these days. Even though I didn't always agree with Gene Siskel),-0.5
(,"Needful Things was one of my favorite Stephen King books. But this movie is one of the worst book to film adaptations I have ever seen they changed so many things around that it made me sick. Even the concept of the book being deception),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Sidney Stratton is having trouble maintaining jobs at various textile mills mainly because of his experimentation in the textile laboratories. Stratton's experimenting on a formula for a new fabric which would create the ultimate fabric),-2.0
(,"Störtebeker is truly one of the worst TV mini-series ever made on this planet.<br /><br />The acting is unbearable and the historic background is mostly nonsense: Just two examples: Visby was shown as a village of three houses. Instead),-3.0
(,"The effects of job related stress and the pressures born of a moral dilemma that pits conscience against the obligations of a family business (albeit a unique one) all brought to a head by-- or perhaps the catalyst of-- a midlife crisis),-2.0
(,"The most worthless film of the decade. The responsible parties should never be allowed to film again. I have no words to describe the lack of entertainment this film provides. You couldn't PAY me to watch this film again. Quite honestly),-0.75
(,"The script for this TV soap opera is so bad that even A. Hopkins at some point had to play like an undergrad drama-student so as to bring some life in his script-dead character. I do not know whether this was the purpose of the director),-0.5
(,"The story is extremely unique.It's about these 2 pilots saving Earth from alien beings but they have to use a special speed that makes everything around them age rapidly.The whole series is about the pilots dealing with the loss of time),-3.0
(,"The worst Wrestlemania ever.<br /><br />This had no must see bouts and many crap ones at that. This took place in Las Vegas and WWE made it's employees dress up like Egyptian gods! They even changed Howard Finkels name to Finkus Maximus),-1.25
(,"There are several ways to misunderstand this movie and a couple of them have been shown in some of the past comments. This is a movie to be analyzed as a free recreation of a known subject and therefore not to be compared with the opera),-0.5
(,"There wasn't a 0 in the voting option so i was compelled to use the next available figure.<br /><br />It is a sad day for bollywood when such type of movies which have star-cast actors is nothing more are than a bunch of juvenile acting),-0.5
(,"This documentary was my first introduction to Peak Oil theory. A fascinating concept that has a lot of frightening consequences if it turns out to be correct. I had absolutely no idea that the effects of oil depletion would come so soon),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This is the most depressing film I have ever seen. I first saw it as a child and even thinking about it now really upsets me. I know it was set in a time when life was hard and I know these people were poor and the crops were vital. Yes),-1.75
(,"This is the one in which the diminutive Ruth Gordon plays an Agatha-Christie type of murder mystery author who locks her nephew by marriage into a safe. Gordon believes that he murdered her niece and the young fellow dies of suffocation),-2.0
(,"This is the result of the town of Milpitas California making a home movie and subjecting the rest of the world to it. Legendary in some circles as the biggest cinematic turkey this movie is rightly thought of as a bad movie. Part comedy),-1.0
(,"This movie is a joke and must be one of the worst movies Stallone ever made. This is a typical 80s movie where you have one man destroying the whole army by himself. ""First Blood Pt. 2"" is very similar to Schwarzenegger's ""Commando""),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This movie must be in line for the most boring movie in years. Not even woody Harrison can save this movie from sinking to the bottom.<br /><br />The murder in this movie are supposed to be the point of interest in this movie but is not),-0.5
(,"This movie was disgusting. Their should be a warning that some sadistic nasty writer is attempting to make a name for herself before being held hostage for an hour and a half watching garbage. What is garbage? The misuse of peoples time),-3.0
(,"This movie was yet another waste of time... Why oh why do I keep renting crap like this?... someone please tell me... *sigh* Oh well. back to the movie at hand: Cube Zero is probably worth it if you REALLY REALLY enjoyed the first movie),-0.16666666666666666
(,"We really don't know where to begin when talking about this movie. But we'll start with the plot. We sincerely suspect that whomever wrote/produced/directed this movie never read the book. Because they missed the entire point. SATIRICAL),-0.3333333333333333
(,"When I rented Domino I was expected it to be very dumb. I hate films that have really flashy editing and cinematography and Domino also just got very bad reviews. The only reason I watched it is because I like have liked Keira Knightley),-0.5
(,"""Embarassing"" is the only word to describe this laughingly awful production. From the blatant disregard of the source material (sure to infuriate anyone remotely familiar with mythology) to the predictably insufficient production value),-2.3333333333333335
(,"(Some Spoilers) Early 1930's educational movie about the horrors of contracting a social disease and the consequences that come along with it: blindness madness loss of ones abilities to function as well as infecting other people with it),-1.3333333333333333
(,"A blind person could have shot this movie better...seriously! The director is clearly a novice. He must be Dennis Hopper's coke dealer or something to convince him to be in this movie. I felt so embarrassed for Dennis.<br /><br />To John),-0.25
(,"According to the blurb on the back of the DVD case; Jonothan Ross 'laughed until a little bit of wee came out'. I suspect that that has more to do with his being full of it.<br /><br />I never watched the series for one reason or another),-1.0
(,"Film about the failure of government and the selfishness of adults. Overwhelming impossibility of dealing with life and the means the children go to to try to achieve living. Only living. Staying alive in a cruel world. A nightmare world),-1.75
(,"For a science scare movie to work well it has to be either truly original or a very good retelling. This movie is neither. Sure there is a pseudo-original twist in that the guy kills people because of a toxin and not because of a disease),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Highly flawed but just about watchable `comedy' that runs like a Farrelly brothers reject. The most criminal thing about it though is the casting. I couldn't for one minute believe Jerry O Connell and Jake Busey in the role of superstuds),-0.5
(,"I had no idea of the facts this film presents. As I remember this situation I accepted the information presented then in the media: a confused happening around a dubious personality: Mr. Chavez. The film is a revelation of many realities),-1.0
(,"I had seen this movie when I was a boy (Before WWII) and was surprised that the local library had a copy. Saw it again after some sixty years and forgot how bad it was. This is an example of a movie that was not a ""A"" movie. No editing),-3.0
(,"Keep away from this one. The worst thing is the appalling story. There seems to be an intent to convey some subtle spiritual/love/friendship message but it is so pathetically devoid of any substance you can't help but cringe. In addition),-1.0
(,"Opening scene 'explains' why Hurt is later 'immune' to the 'Contaminated Man'. Too bad it doesn't explain anything else: How did he get whatever he 'caught'/what was it/why does it work so fast. Then we go to ""Present Day Budapest"". OK),-3.0
(,"The cars in this movie are awesome. The acting in this movie is awful. The plot and driving scenes don't make much sense and are equally bad. If you get really bothered by movies where someone shifts and suddenly goes ridiculously faster),-2.0
(,"This film promises much but delivers little. The basic problem has to do with the inclusion of Charlotte Gainsbourg's character in this film. Immigrants from Sicily did not need a redheaded Anglo in any way--the movie may have needed her),-0.5
(,"This is how I interpreted the movie: First things first. There was not a single scene in the movie where u see the bad guy (Taylor) torturing or nailing Ben's hands to the wall. However the same cannot be told of the gals. In the end too),-3.5
(,"This is the worst movie I have seen since ""I Know Who Killed Me"" with Lindsey Lohan. <br /><br />After watching this movie I can assure you that nothing but frustration and disappointment await you should you choose to go see this. Hey),-2.0
(,"This version of ""Moby Dick"" insults the audience by claiming it is based on Melville's novel-even going so far as to show a phony first chapter sentence rather than the famous ""Call me Ishmael"". In addition to having atrocious acting),-2.0
(,"We don't know why this extraordinary film was never made available officially on DVD... Anthony Quinn's performance alone makes this a must-see. There are relatively few films in which an actor identifies so profoundly with his character),-2.0
(,"iCarly is all that's wrong with the world. All the main characters but Carly's brother and Freddy are morally bankrupt.<br /><br />Sam damages other people on whim. She breaks a kids locker and he is forced to pay a 100 dollars to fix it),-1.75
(,"1- Stephen Baldwin doesn't care about his involvement in Stephen Baldwin vehicles.<br /><br />2- The acting in any Stephen Baldwin vehicle ranges from horrible to mildly passable.<br /><br />3- Writers don't write Stephen Baldwin vehicles),-0.5
(,"Even for the non-opera loving public the name CARMEN is immediately recognized as an opera by Bizet about a gypsy girl whose capricious loves destroy men. But as much as the opera is now considered a staple in every opera house repertoire),-0.5
(,"I don't understand the people here. The film is neither as good as as bad as some people say here. Except for De Kok the acting is OK. The problem with the film is mainly the script. The characters are not believable. The sex is done okay),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I have a question for the writers and producers of ""Prozac Nation"": What is the root cause and what is the solution to the widespread problem of personal depression in America? In the moving performance of Christina Ricci as Liz Wurtzel),-0.5
(,"It's a ghost story. It's a cannibalism story. It's a revenge story. It's a very poorly done film with a lot of violence. I suppose it follows cheaply along the lines of every slasher movie you've ever seen. It has the usual isolated place),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Lame B-horror that takes itself too damn seriously considering its subject matter concerns an aging old dear who has been turned into a creature of the night by a lodger who has come to rent a room from her. When said lodger is killed off),-1.0
(,"One of the those ""coming of age"" films that should have nostalgia for adults and promise for the kids. This movie has neither. It is a poor excuse to let Sylvia Kristel's body double frolic with a dorky Eric Brown. To make matters worse),-0.8
(,"Others' main criticism of this film--namely that Macy suddenly looks Jewish upon donning his glasses--is misplaced. The glasses are just the little bit of change needed to CONVINCE others he's a Jew. The scene in which he says to his boss),-2.0
(,"Sammi Cheng & Andy Lau are coupled yet again in their 3rd film -- YESTERDAY ONCE MORE -- directed by HK's actioneer Johnnie To...fans of To's action films will be disappointed to find not a single gun was used in the filming...furthermore),-1.5
(,"The humor in Who's Your Daddy is such poor taste that I actually closed my eyes in certain scenes. Close ups of semen are not funny! Nobody thinks they are. People get nervous when they see something so gross and to hide their nervousness),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The only reason i didn't delete this movie after 20 min is because we already wasted 20 minutes on it...<br /><br />the only and i repeat the ONLY effect that they used is a weird kapoera (from India?) jump on a half meter wall/trash cans),-2.0
(,"This movie was on the pay channels today and I had nothing to do so I had it on. This has to be the worst football movie ever made. This has to be one of the worst movies period. The premium service on the cable system has a rating system),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Wow! Only a movie this ludicrously awful could inspire the similar ""Showgirls."" I mean where to begin? The indescibably horrid theme song? Pia Zadora's non-expressions throughout the movie? The fact that despite being set in Los Angeles),-0.5
(,"Disappointing comedy-drama with sentimental coating has Michael J. Fox ideally cast as a former child star who now runs a talent agency for thespian tots; Nathan Lane and Cyndi Lauper are his assistants. This all sounds as if it can't miss),-2.0
(,"Dr. Lucio Fulci (Lucio Fulci) is a director of gory horror movies who is starting to feel the effect of having filmed too many bloody scenes. He visits his local psychiatrist to see if he is losing his marbles; this proves to be a bad idea),-3.0
(,"Halloween is a film I have to get out and watch every time it's THAT day of the year.I even watch it sometimes when it's not the holiday!!!This film is SO great.Jamie Lee Curtis is an actress I can never stop loving.This movie might be old),-1.0
(,"Happy Go Lovely is a waste of everybody's time and talent including the audience. The lightness of the old-hat mistaken identity and faux scandal plot lines is eminently forgivable. Very few people watched these movies for their plots. But),-2.0
(,"I can't believe I'm wasting my time with a comment - but this movie is weirdly bad. If 20 different directors were brought in to film different parts of the movie without having any idea of the storyline being filmed by the other directors),-2.0
(,"I'd completely forgotten about this film until now. This was the most blatant and worst attempt to demonise a hobby that I have ever seen. It's message seemed to be : ""Don't teenagers use their imagination; they might take games seriously),-2.0
(,"I've been trying to write a plot summary for several minutes now and can't seem to do it. But with a movie as bad as Night of the Blood Beast the plot hardly matters. An astronaut crash lands and is believed dead. His body later reanimates),-2.5
(,"Jean Claude Van Damme's movie career seems to have gone to hell in a handcart so how ironic to see him playing a character who meets the same fate in a literal manner at the very start of the movie ! It's also interesting to note how very ),-1.0
(,"No Holds Barred is that movie that when you were nine or ten was the coolest movie this side of arnold schwarzenegger. But then when you grow up and watch it you feel embarrassed that you were so gullible to have liked it. You feel cheated),-1.25
(,"Only a very small child could overlook the absurdities in this bomb; the first difficulty faced by the submarine ""Seaview"" is what appear to be chunks of--rock? falling down through the water and crashing into its hull. But it's not rock),-1.0
(,"The definition of a vampire is an inhumane corpse supposed to leave its grave at night to drink the blood of the living. Bakjwi nearly nails this concept on the head minus the cliché of pointy fangs and neck biting. Being an R rated movie),-1.3333333333333333
(,"The hip hop rendition of a mos def performance (according to the film's musical credits)...it is an incredible piece of savage consciousness that slams the violence in your heart with each ""snap"" if anyone can tell me someplace this song),-3.0
(,"The somewhat-belligerent brother of a suicide finds that he and his mother grieve in much the same way (by acting out) but that Dad is morose and blaming himself. Writer-director Dan Harris gives us a dysfunctional family torn at the seams),-2.0
(,"This film is bone chilling in a way that is hard to describe. While it is fairly accurate in its description of the events leading up to and the subsequent investigation regarding the first attempt to destroy the World Trade Center in 1993),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This is a pretty bad movie. But not so bad as it's reputation suggests. The production values aren't too bad and there is the odd effective scene. And it does have an 80's cheezoid veneer that means that it is always kind of fun. Watch out),-0.8571428571428571
(,"Would that more romantic comedies were as deftly executed as this one? I never thought anything as mundane as the simple sale of a music box could leave me catching my breath with excitement. Margaret Sullavan makes a marvellous saleswoman),-1.0
(,"""Nuts in May"" may be one of the worst films i have ever seen. If Ed Wood was still alive this would be the type of movie he would be doing.To say this movie is bad would be the understatement of the century. But how bad is it really? Well),-2.0
(,"(My Synopsis) Rae (Christina Ricci) was a high school slut and nymphomaniac who connects with Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) to fulfill her needs. Ronnie must report to his National Guard unit and leaves Rae all alone. Rae is not alone for long),-1.6666666666666667
(,"A bum gives a Secret Serviceman a tip about a Secret Service man in the presidential detail who plans to kill the president. Baloney. How did the bum know? The script then turns to a most detailed examination of how the Secret Service works),-3.0
(,"I came across this film by accident and wish I hadn't.<br /><br />Why make a sexually rude sequel (and some gore when a man is beheaded) of a well know children's movie.<br /><br />Do not take young kids to see this the title misdirects you),-0.5
(,"I saw virtually no redeeming qualities in this movie. The only thing I did see was Quentin Tarantino's seeming insane obsession for it... There were some attractive women in this movie and perhaps that is one decent quality. Overall however),-1.5
(,"I watched this film on Telly the other night and little did I know what a cringe-fest it would be...I knew it would be stupid but not this bad! This film exemplifies everything that is awful in Australian comedy. Apart from the most tedious),-2.5
(,"If regarded as an independent feature I can't say it's too bad at all but from where I'm standing this sequel and the original ""Lady and the Tramp"" don't agree with each other! They are two completely different movies with different style),-1.0
(,"Joan Fontaine here is entirely convincing as an amoral beauty who is entirely incapable of feeling love for anyone but herself. Her husband (Richard Ney) has lost all his money through a combination of his foolhardiness and her extravagance),-0.25
(,"OK - I ADORE this film...I will credit this movie - alone - for making me such a die-hard horror fanatic. I could never watch this movie alone. I've also heard many many stories of the effect it had in it's original release at the theatres ),-2.0
(,"OK I have to admit that I quite enjoyed House of the Dead despite its well documented failings. This however was the worst film I have seen since Demons at the Door. Compared to DATD the effects are vastly superior. However the plot is weak),-2.0
(,"The film has no connection with the real life in Bosnia in those days. Should be more realistic and shows the viewer real traumas that were happening to common people during the war. Please see some films of Yugoslav authors (Emir Kusturica),-1.0
(,"The only scary thing about this movie is the thought that whoever made it might make a sequel.<br /><br />From start to finish ""The Tooth Fairy"" was just downright terrible. It seemed like a badly-acted children's movie which got confused),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The producers of this film offer to pay funeral expenses for anyone who dies of fright while watching this movie. They should have offered intensive psychotherapy for anyone who really enjoyed this stinker. A young couple moves into a house),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This is easily one of the worst 5 movies I've ever seen. It's not scary or any of the other things suggested in the plot outline. This movie is agonizingly slow and I was bored for almost all 98 minutes. While the acting is mediocre at best),-1.0
(,"This is one of my favorite horror films of all time and I used to think it never really got its due. That is until I read the glowing reviews here. It seems many feel the same as I did when I first saw it.<br /><br />It's a damn creepy film),-1.0
(,"This movie made me feel as if I had missed some important scenes from the very beginning. There were continuity errors and plots that stopped as abruptly as they started. I was very disappointed because I love Whoopi Goldberg & Danny Glover),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This was so poor I had to turn it off in the end. I have never watched such a pathetic film. I love B movies and was looking forward to more of the same but was sadly disappointed.<br /><br />This has the worst acting/plot/direction/writing),-1.2
(,"""Son you must stop the experiments I have started!!"" Too bad nobody said this too whoever green lighted this project!! I was almost literally dragged to this movie by a friend of mine for a midnight showing when we were in high-school. Now),-1.6666666666666667
(,"""The Piano Teacher"" is all about Huppert's character; a middle-aged classical piano instructor with a stoic facade behind which lurks a powerfully compelling aberrant personality. Unsatisfying as a story but intriguing as a character study),-1.0
(,"A washed up reporter called Bart Crosbie (Pat O' Brien) blackmails gang boss Heinz Webber (George Colouris) for the money to pay for his son to have a life saving operation. In return he agrees to turn himself in for the murder of his editor),-0.6666666666666666
(,"All the reviewers are making one big mistake. This movie was not suppose to be taken seriously.<br /><br />It was made for kids and teens of the late 80ies or early 90ies and as such it was truly a film of it's time. If you hated that period),-1.0
(,"Did you ever watch a really bad movie and get mad about it? Even a movie you didn't have high expectations for? Well I just rented the movie ""Dead Line"". This is the US video title for ""Interferencia"". Now I have seen a lot of bad movies),-3.0
(,"Following is an intriguing thriller that requires constant awareness to be completely understood. The plot has many twists and uses displaced chronology. The event sequence complicates following Following. If you are willing to pay attention),-1.0
(,"Frank Falenczyk: It isn't that I'm sorry I killed them; it's that I'm sorry I killed them badly.<br /><br />Wow! Talk about a swing and a miss. You have a great cast and a great plot with endless possibilties...how do you f_ck that up?! Well),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I have to preface this by saying that I LOVE watching bad movies that are entertaining. This movie delivers 100%. It is hands down the worst movie I have ever seen. It is full of crappy stock footage of random stuff in a city (people walking),-3.0
(,"My wife did not realize what a gem this movie was when she picked it up. It is a story that shows real world success through hard work and determination.<br /><br />That is so refreshing in a world of violent movies not that I dis-like them)),-0.6666666666666666
(,"That word 'True' in this film's title got my alarm bells ringing. They rang louder when a title card referred to America's Civil War as the 'War Between the States' (the circumlocution preferred by die-hard southerners). Jesse James -- thief),-2.0
(,"Think ""stage play"". This is worth seeing once for the performances of Lionel Atwill and Dwight Frye. COmpare the Melvyn DOuglas in ""Ghost Story"" with the Melvyn DOuglas of this film. Are there vampires at loose in this 'Bavarian' village),-0.5
(,"This movie worked for me because I see this movie as an exact opposite of 'Gone With The Wind.' Farm owners instead of plantation owners. Scarlett fights and connives for what she wants; Ada gets depressed and turns inside herself until Ruby),-2.0
(,"This really is the most dreadful film I have ever seen. I simply have no idea how anyone has the audacity to put this on release.<br /><br />The production standards are atrocious. There is no pretence here at cinematography. The camera work),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Though not a Greek I have had a lifelong interest in the Eastern Empire. Its fall in 1453 was the Greatest loss to Christianity in its entire history. Yet while the Easter Empire is not a topic much discussed in American intellectual circles),-1.0
(,"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Some bunch of Afrikkaner-Hillbilly types are out in the desert looking for Diamonds when they find a hard mound in the middle of a sandy desert area. Spoilers: The dumbest one starts hitting the mound with a pick),-1.0
(,"Cage plays a drunk and gets high critically praise. Elizabeth Shue Actually has to do a love seen with the most unattractive and overrated piece of dung flesh in Hollywood. I literally vomited while watching this film. Of course I had the flu),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Having known and loved this book since I was eleven I was terrified to see it coming up as a movie - what if they'd made a dreadful mess of it? In the event I needn't have worried at all. Everyone was very well cast and the acting is terrific),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Homecoming; what a HUGE disappointment!! After reading the plot summary (the dead coming back to vote - AGAINST George W. Bush!!!!!) I couldn't wait to see this. It started off interesting and it immediately caught my attention. Unfortunately),-0.5
(,"If you make a suspense movie it is kind of important that the ""villain"" not be more sympathetic than the ""victim"". And this fails miserably. It was so terrible and frustrating to watch that I was actually moved to register and comment. OK),-0.5714285714285714
(,"It really amazed me to see that someone would take so much time to assess such a bad movie. The beginning (of the film) had some truth in it. The Partisan ""AF"" was started in 1943 when two communist pilots from the Croat Ustashi AF deserted),-0.5
(,"John Rivers' life as an architect and family man has taken a turn for the worst when his wife has disappeared and has been concluded dead after a freakish accident that involved changing a tyre on her car. During the days she has been missing),-2.2
(,"Okay. This Movie is a Pure Pleasure. It has the Ever so Violent Horror Mixed with a Little Suspense and a Lot of Black Comedy. The Dentist Really Starts to loose His Mind and It's Enjoyable to Watch him do so. This Movie is for Certain People),-3.0
(,"Surprisingly Kieslowski's this movie is disappointing to me because of the sometimes weird and sometimes cliché script that also seems a work of a poor observation sometimes. There is an isolated young boy. He lives with one of his relatives),-1.75
(,"This is a classic example of an increasing problem with films. Why is the background noise and the soundtrack dramatically louder than the dialogue? What sense does that make? This film isn't alone. Most films seem to do this now. For 2 years),-2.0
(,"This movie is a loose collection of unintelligible analogies and ill conceived plot devices.<br /><br />Movie history: The director of this film was a pervert who drove around town filming random women. When his wife discovered the film reels),-2.5
(,"Tromaville High has become an amoral wasteland of filth thanks to the aftereffects of the nearby nuclear plant's accidental release of toxic waste.<br /><br />Unrestrained chaos crammed with absurd violence and crude behavior. Rather horrible),-1.6
(,"Unfortunately I made a mistake and I paid 7 Euros at the movie theater to watch this shallow meaningless movie. My points;<br /><br />Film is based on 2 things;<br /><br />1) Ethnical point of View: As it happens on most of the American Films),-2.0
(,"Valley Girl is the definitive 1980's movie with catch phrases filtered throughout this wonderfully acted movie. The characters are so convincing that you forget it is a movie and not a video of an actual ""day-in-the-life"" of any high school),-1.0
(,"WHITE FIRE was recommended to me by a guy who owns it on two separate DVD releases and on VHS. He claimed it's one of the funniest and coolest low budget actioners ever made. I generally don't watch movies knowing that they're going to be bad),-0.5
(,"What do you call a horror story without horror and story? <br /><br />This is the most irritating thing about the film: I get the feeling the writers never really decided what's actually going on in the film! It's a different thing to know it),-1.0
(,"A cranky police detective suspects a French duke of being the infamous thief ARSÈNE LUPIN.<br /><br />John & Lionel Barrymore costarred together for the first time in a motion picture in this intriguing crime drama. Alike and yet so different),-2.0
(,"Amidst all the many problems that make this a dire piece of celluloid is the stupidest plot device in recent cinema history. Richard Gere determines who the Jackal's real target is through some form of revelation. He does not work anything out),-2.5
(,"Edmund Burke said that ""all evil needs is for good me to do nothing."" Hollywood often gives us trash because not enough families go to see quality films. This movie was uplifting story of the loss and restoration of faith. It had no violence),-1.4
(,"Every movie critic and metal head hated this movie but I enjoyed it. I saw this as a child on TV somewhere and was amazed by the scene where Sammi comes on stage and plays Trick or Treat by Fastway.<br /><br />The movie itself was typical 80's),-1.0
(,"Having read all of Sarah Waters books i was eagerly looking forward to a BBC adaptation of Fingersmith. Especially since Tipping the Velvet had been done so well by old familiar Andrew Davies.<br /><br />I was not disappointed with the results),-2.0
(,"I saw Grande Ecole at its world premiere on the Rotterdam Film Festival. I had no idea what I was entering and if I'd had any idea I wouldn't have entered. This is the most pretentious film I've seen for a long time. It tries to be provocative),-1.0
(,"Maddy (Debbie Rochon) is a mentally unstable young woman with a troubled past who gets more than she bargained for when she goes to a pool party with a handsome coworker. When her date and his friends jokingly say they belong to a `Murder Club),-2.0
(,"The movie gets a score of 3 because it dared to be so very different. It features a cast acting while you can hear their thoughts and desires! This is truly a weird film and an experience I won't forget. The only problem is that the experiment),-2.0
(,"The only reason there is a question mark in parenthesis is NOT because I haven't seen every film released in 2001 thus far. It's because this film was only made PARTLY in 2001. The rest of it was stolen from Roger Corman's OTHER dinosaur films),-2.0
(,"This ""film"" is one of the most dreadful things I have ever seen.<br /><br />Please do yourselves a favor and avoid this incompetent concoction.<br /><br />Shaking the camera and having your actors adopt scowls does not count as ""direction""),-0.6
(,"This is simply the epitome of what a made for TV movie should be. It was a lazy Sunday afternoon when my wife and I were in grad school that we stumbled upon this. The cheesy acting. The poorly written script. The good ol' boys. The ridiculous),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This ranks up there as the worst movies of all time. No research or thought at all went into this movie. Action scenes were thrown in at random intervals which made no sense in the context of the movie. Items appeared and disappeared at random),-1.6666666666666667
(,"A young cat tries to steal back his brothers soul from death but only gets half of it and then has to go adventuring to get the other half... or maybe not. <br /><br />Frankly I'm not sure what happens in this film which is full of very strange),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Another vast conspiracy movie that tries to blame the US government and the Armed Forces (especially the Army) for every disaster since the Great Flood. Anyone who has ever served time in the US military can see how bogus this film is. Uniforms),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Charming doesn't even begin to describe ""Saving Grace;"" it's absolutely irresistible! Anyone who ventures into this movie will leave with their spirits soaring high (haha).<br /><br />Grace Trevethyn (Brenda Blethyn) has just lost her husband),-0.3333333333333333
(,"In Panic In The Streets Richard Widmark plays U.S. Navy doctor who has his week rudely interrupted with a corpse that contains plague. As cop Paul Douglas properly points out the guy died from two bullets in the chest. That's not the issue here),-2.0
(,"Lorenzo Lamas stars as Jack `Solider` Kelly an ex-vietnam vet and a renegade cop who goes on a search and destroy mission to save his sister from backwoods rednecks. Atrocious movie is so cheaply made and so bad that Ron Palillo is third billed),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Once upon a time in a castle...... Two little girls are playing in the garden's castle. They are sisters. A blonde little girl (Kitty) and a brunette one (Evelyn). Evelyn steals Kitty's doll. Kitty pursues Evelyn. Running through long corridors),-2.0
(,"Parts: The Clonus Horror is a horror all right. There are of course the bad fashions of the late 70's. There's the really bad acting from Dick Sargent to Peter Graves. And then there's the clones themselves. Their days mostly consist of running),-3.0
(,"Primal Species comes from B Movie legend Roger Corman and as such everybody who watches this needs to realise that this is a Low Budget B Movie and it knows it.<br /><br />A bunch of terrorists high-jack a Lorry and kill an entire army doing so),-3.0
(,"Ronald Reagan and a bunch of US soldiers in a North Korean POW camp. They are tortured... We learn North Korean Communists are bad people... We learn Americans' beards grow very slowly during days of torture...<br /><br />I tried to suppress it),-3.0
(,"This film is not one of those films so bad you get annoyed and mad because it seems to be so up its own arse and yet it completely not funny. It's just that there is nothing of interest in this film. There are no real jokes that make you amused),-0.42857142857142855
(,"This is definitely the worst bigfoot movie I've ever seen and quite possibly the overall worst movie I've ever seen in my life. The actors and actresses were horrible and it seemed like they were trying way too hard to play their roles as dorks),-1.6
(,"Where to even start? The horrendous acting? The nonsensical plot? The bargain basement effects? The completely loathsome characters? The choppy editing? The headache-inducing Casio keyboard score??? The embarrassingly racist remarks (""Watch it),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Witchcraft/Witchery/La Casa 4/ and whatever else you wish to call it. How about..Crud.<br /><br />A gathering of people at a Massachusetts island resort are besieged by the black magic powers of an evil witch killing each individual using cruel),-2.0
(,"You know you're watching softcore with the wrong attitude when the poor dubbing bothers you. I'm okay with the crappy lip syncing but the sound mix is really of too. Every time someone says anything it sounds like there's a narrator. Either way),-1.0
(,"I must have been around ten years old when my uncle took me and my brother to see this martial arts movie at the "" DRIVE IN "" at the circle drive in in Long Beach. The Title was "" HAMMER OF GOD "" from which i can never forget for some reason),-1.0
(,"I really enjoyed The Patriot. This movie had less violence and was based on a real life threat that could inevitably destroy our civilization. One line in the movie from wesley mclaren (seagal) stuck out in my mind to be very true of our society),-1.6
(,"I saw this movie on the film festival of Rotterdam (jan '06) and followed the discussion between director and public afterwards. Many people reacted shocked and protesting. He will get a lot of negative critics. But: the world is cruel like this),-1.25
(,"I thought maybe... maybe this could be good. An early appearance by the Re-Animator (Jeffery Combs); many homage's to old horror movies; the Troma label on the front this movie could be a gem! I thought wrong.<br /><br />Frightmare is a boring),-3.0
(,"I was able to hang in for only the first twenty minutes of this low-budget movie. The most glaring absurdity was that while the American inmates in a North Korean POW camp are all supposedly suffering from severe deprivation of food and medicine),-2.0
(,"I'm rather surprised that no reviewer so far has commented on the rather elementary chess blunder in Luzhin's game as white against an unnamed opponent immediately before the final. Despite the use of Jonathan Speelman as consultant chess expert),-1.0
(,"STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning <br /><br />One time heroin addict Frankie Machine (Frank Sinatra) gets out of prison to his bumbling jailbird partner Sparrow (Arnold Stang)),-2.0
(,"Seldom do I give up on a movie without seeing the entire show. This is particularly true when I have rented it on DVD. Syriana was one in which I did give up. Half way through I turned it off in bored disgust.<br /><br />This movie is disjointed),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Spoilers ahead JEEEEEEEESUSSSSSSSSSS.... I have a saying: ""Insecticides kill insects and Moronicides kill morons..."" The ""ghost"" in this movie kills morons. Several of the people who get killed in this movie are actually ASKING to get killed),-2.6666666666666665
(,"The saddest thing about this ""tribute"" is that almost all the singers (including the otherwise incredibly talented Nick Cave) seem to have missed the whole point where Cohen's intensity lies: by delivering his lines in an almost tuneless poise),-2.0
(,"There is one good thing in this movie: Lola Glaudini's ass! Sorry to be so blunt but it's the truth. Too bad she didn't do a nude. It would at least have made this mess tolerable. We see another chick's boobs but she's nowhere near Lola. And man),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is one for the Golden Turkey book. It's another of those ""putting on a show"" flicks. The dialogue is turgid. The music is terrible. The costumes may be the worst ever. And the Nick Castle choreography is hilariously dreadful. Check it out),-3.0
(,"This short movie intends to focus on one issue sociologically known as cultured shock. the film presents the condition of average Romanian in democratic Romania who finds out that the life and the problems are not different from Communist period),-2.0
(,"Way back when I was renting videos for free I picked this one up. OOPS The things I wanted to mention outside the summary already given were these. 1: Someone who had a lot to do with making this movie had a strange and sick fascination for food),-0.6666666666666666
(,"What's Good About It: Some inventive and genuinely creepy little effects that will get under the skin of even the most seasoned horror fan. Doesn't rely on the hackneyed soundtrack stabs for its ""gotcha"" moments. Even if you've seen everything),-2.0
(,"Why did they unleash this movie upon us? It seems as though they set out to make this movie a total slap in theface to Anne Rice and every self respecting Vampire Chronicles fan. It ignores the ground work laid down by Interview with the Vampire),-1.0
(,"*What I Like About SPOILERS* Teenager Holly Tyler (Amanda Bynes) goes to live with older sister Valerie (Jennie Garth) to avoid moving to Japan with her father; but she doesn't know the half of the wacky things that will happen to her from now on),-1.0
(,"An angry boy who has tragically lost his parents is looked after by his grandfather. Together they find common ground in the Gaelic folk tales which have been passed down orally from generation to generation of islanders. Although tragic episodes),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I felt last night's episode was slow and kinda of boring at times. I honestly don't think it has to do anything with the writing. Because I know the story was well staged and tried to keep things in place. I thought it wasn't that bad but overall),-3.0
(,"I just saw the movie in theater. The movie has very few good points to talk about. Kareena's beauty and a couple of songs may be. Thats it. The movie is a complete disappointment in all areas. Anyone associated with the movie will be disappointed),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I stumbled across this (Act-I) by pure dumb luck and this was more than a decade ago. This was'nt even what the cover label on the tape mentioned. It amazed me. It intimidated me. It shocked me. I eventually forgot about and almost a decade later),-0.4
(,"I was so disturbed by the real footage at the beginning of the film that I felt sick to my stomach and ended up shutting the movie off. How any can give this film more than a rating of 1 baffles me. I know that the intent of the movie is to shock),-2.0
(,"Imagine yourself trapped inside a museum of the dark middle Ages and a resurrected vampire and his maniacal sidekick are chasing you. Where is the absolute last place you want to hide? I'd say inside the uncanny Virgin of Nuremberg torture device),-1.6666666666666667
(,"My wife received tickets for our family to attend the premier of this movie from her employer for free. I only regret the price of the popcorn and the two hours of my life wasted on this garbage film.<br /><br />I own the DVD of the original Mask),-2.0
(,"Night Hunter starts in '1968' as a young Jack Cutter (Chris Aguilar) is unexpectedly handed the family tradition of becoming a Vampire hunter when a fellow Vampire hunter Sid O'Mack (Sid Haim) betrays his family & hands them over to the Vampire's),-3.0
(,"The murder of the Red Comyn in Grayfriars Abbey was a long way from one of the most horrendous things ever done in the Scottish War of Independence and fights (and killing) in churches wasn't unusual at all. Not that much later Robert Bruces wife),-2.6666666666666665
(,"This film is bad. Not so bad it is good. Just bad. It is however hilariously bad. I watched it out of some morbid curiosity and never intend to watch it nor any other Chuck Norris film ever again. If you have to choose between this film and death),-2.5
(,"This film reminds me a lot of the anti-drug films of the 50's and 60's due to the fact that it was made by people that have obviously never experienced the social evil that they are warning us about. Tom Hanks and his buddies are ""role playing""),-3.0
(,"This is a stupid movie. When I saw it in a movie theater more than half the audience left before it was half over. I stayed to the bitter end. To show fortitude? I caught it again on television and it was much funnier. Still by no means a classic),-1.6666666666666667
(,"What a poor excuse for New Zealnd Movie making. I'm ashamed to call myself a New Zealander when this movie exists and is currently playing on New Zealand satellite TV (Aug 2006). The cast is made up of a large number of local soap stars. The ship),-1.6666666666666667
(,"i was disappointed in this documentary.i thought it would be about the second chess match between Grandmaster Garry Kasporov and Deep Blue the supercomputer designed by IBM computer experts to beat any human chess player.Kasparov was and still is),-2.0
(,"I honestly have to say that I could not stop watching this movie from the second that it started. Simply for how bad it was!!! It's kinda like watching paint dry only a lot more confusing. I mean you sit there and just wait for something to happen),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I very well remember the bad press this film got because of the producers' court order against Clayton Moore using the name ""Lone Ranger"" or donning his black mask at personal appearances. Quite apart from any consideration of the film's quality),-3.0
(,"I wholeheartedly agree with Greg in Ontario. I saw this movie today with a friend who actually went to the theatre manager afterwards and told him ""That was possibly the worst movie I have ever seen."" I have seen a LOT of movies with this person),-1.0
(,"It's really just terrible. Quaid overacts more than Shatner. The part where Elvis walks in and says ""You can have it all"" just kills anything that might have been good in this movie that's bad enough as it is. Drug use was completely snow coated),-1.0
(,"Marvin(Rob Schneider)does not have the ingredients to be a cop which is his lifelong dream. But his luck changes when he has a car crush(a very bad one)and is found by a doctor. The doctor has to use animal organs to rebuild him. After this moment),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Naach would have won an Razzie for the Worst Film in 2004 (may be overall too) if it were global. When it comes acting badly (aka showing attitude/yawning/over (not) acting) Halle Berry is no match for Antra Malli. While the catwoman had storeline),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This should be a great film... Meryl Streep and Jack Nicholson co-starring as two newspaper writers. Mike Nichols directing. Uh uh. It's dull dull dull! Pointless and predictable! Slow and unfocused!<br /><br />It's a cookie cutter 'boy meets girl),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Well. Where to begin. Let's just say this; avoid this movie at all<br /><br />costs. It's based on a cartoon series. The movie makes the cartoon look<br /><br />like Hamlet. Filled with emasculated actors who seem embarrassed to be<br /><br />here),-1.5
(,"keys to the VIP is BS.<br /><br />rob cavaliere vs Justin in season two. <br /><br />I went to school with rob cavaliere and Adriana Doria. you may remember her as the last girl he was ""picking up"". this was when the ""angry girlfriend"" came by),-2.5
(,"A bunch of American students and their tutor decide to visit the ugliest part of Ireland in order to study ancient religious practices. Despite being repeatedly warned about the dangers of straying off the beaten path (by the local creepy Irish guy),-2.0
(,"From the What Was She Thinking? file: Whoopi Goldberg plays a cop in the future who is teamed with a talking dinosaur (!) for a crime case involving a madman who wants to start another ice-age. Straight-to-tape oddity is embarrassing and ridiculous),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Hope Floats with Sandra Bullock is a real disappointment. The story starts off ok. Her husband cheats on her and she finds out on national television. So she has to rebuild her life. Here it could have gotten interesting or built up in a story line),-0.5
(,"I had to watch this movie with my 5-year-old. He didn't laugh once during the entire movie...and he loves dogs and will laugh at nearly anything! This movie was horrible from all aspects: poor script (even accounting for a children's G-rated movie)),-0.75
(,"I would never have thought I would almost cry viewing one minute excerpted from a 1920 black and white movie without sound. Thanks to Martin Scorsese I did (the movie was from F. Borzage). You will start to understand (if it's not already the case)),-1.0
(,"This film Evil Breed: The legend of samhain contains very little thought or effort. It is ridiculed with specs of ultra fast ""slasher"" style death and plain disgusting acts of death. The acting was rated a D as the actors show very little ability),-1.0
(,"Well I watched this last night and the one thing that didn't make it completely terrible is that it was straight forward. There was no beating around the bush that this kid was the Anti-Christ. However the movie was just poorly written. For example),-1.0
(,"""At the Earth's Core"" was on television yesterday. I was at my computer working and happened to glance over and see what must have been some of the worst action sequences ever made. I was instantly enthralled by the film's shoddy production values),-3.0
(,"""Cement"" is a bad movie about a bad cop (Penn) with a bad attitude and a bad disposition who has a bad guy in a bad way up to his cajones in fast drying concrete. While we're waiting for the cement to dry and the film to figure out what it's about),-3.0
(,"""The King is Alive"" is a flawed and contrived mess of a movie which comes off like a self indulgent auteur's excuse to transport a bunch of actors to a Godforsaken Namibian desert where he can play major-Dogme-domo and film his selfishly conceived),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Dire beyond belief. Obviously set on the Isle of Man masquerading as the US - very badly - and full of cut-rate British actors who can't do American accents. A monster that looks like an unarticulated promotional cut-out for Alien from a movie store),-0.5
(,"I thought watching employment videos on corporate compliance was tedious. This movie went nowhere fast. What could have been a somewhat cheesy half hour twilight zone episode turned into a seemingly endless waste of film on people parking their cars),-1.0
(,"Let me start by saying at the young age of 34 I was suddenly widowed. I was devastated as he was NOT sick--- he died unexpectedly basically of a coronary--- his carotids blew out-- he died behind our house. There was a lot of speculation from police),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Spoilers I guess.<br /><br /> The absolutely absurd logic of the ending ruins the entire movie. I just couldn't get over it. And what is wrong with Mark Wahlberg's character? If I suddenly found myself crashed-landed on a planet full of talking apes),-2.0
(,"The 70s were without a doubt the golden age of ""made-for-TV"" horror. This is one of those that was probably churned out as an ABC movie of the week. It's the old story of a house and/or ghost possessing one of the new owners. The movie has promise),-0.3333333333333333
(,"The performance of every actor and actress (in the film) are excellently NATURAL which is what movie acting should be; and the directing skill is so brilliantly handled on every details that I am never tired of seeing it over and over again. However),-2.0
(,"The tragedy is that this piece of rubbish was part of my curriculum while I was studying cinema. So imagine how I was forced to watch it in complete. Believe me going through hell is much much easier. Our professor told us that this is some film ???),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Why aren't more films (especially American) more like Meatball Machine? <br /><br />This is my first official on-line review and I am charged with ""electrical ecstasy"" after having chosen ""Meatball Machine"" as my first endeavor. This is a review),-0.5
(,"- A newlywed couple move into the home of the husband's dead former wife. It's not long before the new wife begins to have the feeling that someone doesn't want her in the house. She sees skulls all around the house. But when the husband investigates),-0.3333333333333333
(,"A less than redemptive hunka junk that is mercifully free from the ravages of competence. Some Northern idiots come to the deep South looking for some confederate rifles stashed on the legendary Whiskey Mountain. They are menaced by scary hillbillies),-1.0
(,"A terrible film which is supposed to be an independent one. It needed some dependence on something.<br /><br />This totally miserable film deals with the interactions among Irish people. Were they trying to imitate the wonderful film ""Crash?"" If so),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Dolemite is awesome. Rudy Ray Moore's rhymin kung fu pimp with horrible choreographed action sequences is about as close as you can get to becoming a spoof of a genre without actually being spoof. Citizen Kane this may not be nor Les Infant Au Revoir),-3.0
(,"I agree with the user ""SpecialAgentFoxMulder"" that this episode is awful- posisbly thr worst of the entire show. Now I'm not keen on many episodes of the later series but this one takes the biscuit! It was unfunny and unoffensive. As for the ending),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I cant believe there are people out there that did not like this movie! I thought it was the funniest movie i had ever seen. It my have been b/c i am Mel Brooks biggest fan... I know almost all the words and get very discouraged when they censor them),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I rarely make these comments but I felt compelled to spare others the pain I endured in watching this movie. It's so stupid and implausible both in the overall story and in the details that you simply can't suspend disbelief. The problem starts early),-1.2
(,"I screamed my head off because seeing this movie was my first movie going experience ever at some 13 months old. I remember it being incredibly bloody and it made me angry. I watched it again on tv a few years ago. Big mistake -- the acting is wooden),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Jewish newspaper reporter Justin Timberlake (as Joshua ""Josh"" Pollack) is puzzled when a courtroom defendant whispers ""Thank you"" to testifying officer LL Cool J (as Rafe Deed) as he leaves the witness stand. In the opening sequences of this film),-2.0
(,"Skilled professionals live it up in an exotic and dangerous location. They get drunk every night. They smuggle opium. They drop pigs in parachutes. They fly under impossibly hazardous conditions. They dress weird and act weirder. They're iconoclastic),-1.6666666666666667
(,"The famous international conductor Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) has a heart attack with his stressed busy professional life and interrupts his successful career with an early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in the north of Sweden),-0.5
(,"This is a very old and cheaply made film--a typical low-budget B-Western in so many ways. Gary Cooper was not yet a star and this film is highly reminiscent of the early films of John Wayne that were done for ""poverty row"" studios. With both actors),-1.0
(,"This is fantastic! Everything from the Score - to when the final credits role. This movie is a Masterpiece. It's genuinely creepy and its effectively hysterical setting is enough to give anyone the creeps. It is apparent that the movie was NOT rushed),-0.5
(,"This movie actually almost made me cry.<br /><br />For starters the fake teeth. Then you spot a nice plastic or drawn set. To make it even more boring all the action is followed by a bright light flash. Then the talking: sound levels are so different),-0.5
(,"Was there a single positive to this film? Critics who knew nothing of video games could spot the gaming errors made. No damage taken with damage clearly visible towards the beginning being a primary example.<br /><br />And I may have missed something),-1.1666666666666667
(,"What can i say about this movie that hasn't been said hundreds of times before? It's an American Classic. It has spawned dozens of imitators. Or none. Midnight Madness is one of kind. From the ridiculous opening montage/music to the Bonaventure HOtel),-3.0
(,"very disappointing and incoherent - every now and then a germ of an idea would develop and be discarded in the next line - it had the feel of a film that had been cut and re-cut to try and make it work - I was bored and distracted all the way through),-1.6
(,"A young woman (Jean Simmons) is convinced by her scheming and dangerous aunt (Sonia Dresdel) and uncle (Barry Jones) that she's losing her mind and in very delicate condition that requires their supervision which turns out to be more like manipulation),-0.25
(,"Feisty Dianna Jackson (a winningly spunky performance by gorgeous former ""Playboy"" Playmate Jeanne Bell) goes to Hong Kong to take out the evil heroin ring that murdered her brother. Dianna's assisted by friendly karate master Joe (amiable Chiquito)),-0.5
(,"Gorgeous Annie Belle in her prime stars in this adventure/sex movie. She wears her hair in a buzz cut that is bleached platinum. She and her boyfriend are visiting some tropical Asian paradise. They have decided to keep an ""open"" sexual relationship),-1.0
(,"I thought Hedy Burress (who managed to escape from the watery grave of part one) was going to be in part 2 Guess not. I just think they should of killed her off like in Friday The 13th Part 2 (you know what I mean).<br /><br />This movie like Scream 3),-0.4
(,"John Pressman (Micheal 'I shoulda called Ditech' Lerner) works at a doctor's office as an orderly. His mother (Zelda 'Poltergeist' Rubenstein) hypnotizes him to off the people who see thinks wronged him. But this turns out to be a movie within a movie),-2.0
(,"Let's face it; some lame kid who dies and has his soul transfered into a scarecrow. Das no gonna happen neva! OMFG This stupid loser kid who can't stand up for himself gets his ass handed to him by some drunk bastard screwing his mom. Right as he dies),-2.7142857142857144
(,"PLEASE people! DO NOT bother with this poorly directed joke. The direction was totally wrong from the outset. Where is the history of his mothers' emotional interference and the general madness in the original family? Why is ED portrayed as this large),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Terry Cunningham directs this Sci-Fi Network original. All is not well in Washington state and Oregon; volcanic eruptions and earthquakes threaten to drop most of the Pacific Rim in the ocean. Trying to keep the world from plunging in ecological havoc),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This film looked interesting; I'd read the book a number of years ago and it informed me that the feature followed the plot outline pretty tightly.<br /><br />Started watching it and almost from the outset it failed to live up to expectations. In fact),-0.5
(,"This movie is incredibly realistic and I feel does a great justice to the crime that many people do not understand because of a lack of experience. The many people who think they could fathom what goes through a victim's mind are arrogant. As a victim),-0.6
(,"This movie was the worst i've ever seen.<br /><br />It doesn't seem to have a plot but the time you realize this is far beyond the beginning of the movie so you have to watch the shut for a long time to recognize the total incompetence of the director),-2.5
(,"What an awful adaptation. The worst part was the music. Saxophone muzak and synthesizers playing in a story set in the early 1800's?????? The only character that didn't bore me to sleep was Robert Hardy. I had to fight to keep my eyes open on this one),-2.25
(,"What the hell is this? Its one of the dumbest movies I've seen. I don't understand why people on this site love it so much. Its senseless &nudity for no reason. Its worst then Resident Evil. I strongly don't recomend it unless you want to watch chessy),-0.8
(,"some would argue this is better mainly because of the acting; but it is indeed far worse for reasons that outweigh the improvement.<br /><br />the source from which all the problems stem; the story. aside from one of them people being shot point blank),-1.0
(,"I go to the movies to be entertained. I was very entertained by the first film in this series: The DaVinci Code. It had plenty of twists and turns throughout to keep me very interested. Angels and Demons is no different. If you enjoyed the DaVinci Code),-1.0
(,"I hate it when people in the movie theater talk back to the screen. It's one of the main reasons why I stick to DVD's or videos . I saw The Clearing on DVD but if I had seen it in the movies I would have had to stand up and SCREAM "" HE'S NOT DEAD YET ),-3.0
(,"I recently saw this movie in my International Business class. I was not expecting anything other then another boring documentary (not to say I don't love documentary I've just hard bad luck with movies in that class) Imagine my surprise when this movie),-0.2
(,"I sort of accidentally ended up watching this movie. I'm still not sure if I regret it or not. I felt like I was watching the film made by that group of film school students that didn't quite make the cut. It plays up every Hollywood cliché imaginable),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I will start this off by saying I couldn't get all the way through it. I picked it up on a rainy day from WalMart like the rest of the reviewers on this site. I figured there wasn't any way I would regret my purchase. Was I wrong or what? Seriously now),-0.75
(,"It is always sad when ""fringe"" movies such as this are overlooked by the majority of filmgoers. ""Panic"" is a wonderfully compelling and poignant study of a character who feels trapped in the pointlessness of his own life.<br /><br />William H. Macy),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Just a warning... This is the worst movie I have seen in years... I couldn't watch it to the end... It is a pure waste of time... I really feel sorry for Snipes that he ended up in such a movie. There really is not much to say about it. Horrible acting),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. This involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little Southern town. They aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there. What follows is rape),-3.0
(,"Steven Seagal appears to be sleepwalking through a dreadful movie shot almost entirely in close-up to disguise the complete lack of budget and resources. To pick on the technical flaws - silver F/A-18s and F-14s take of from a carrier for an air-strike),-2.0
(,"The Vampire Bat is set in the small German village of Klineschloss where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) the Burgermeister is holding a meeting with Inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) from the local constabulary about all the recent murders),-2.0
(,"The director and two stars of LAURA (1944) were reteamed for this solid policier: Dana Andrews is the son of a criminal who becomes a cop to cut all ties with the past but cannot keep his inherited violent ways in check while interrogating suspects and),-1.2
(,"This is by far the worst horror/thriller I've seen in my 29 years. If someone offers this to you for free tell them NO. This movie makes you a dumber person for knowing you watched it. The plot isn't even the worst part of this movie.....its the acting),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This is the worst movie of ALL TIME! It's one of those that is so ridiculous and the acting so bad that you turn off the video 1/3 into it so that you can use your time for better purposes like cleaning the toilet. If you actually watch the whole thing),-1.0
(,"This movie is a bad to alright rip off of Friday the 13th. The movie is about a killer named Bernie who kills people around a camp councilor training camp. He kills people because the camp councilor training camp is on land that was owned by his father),-3.0
(,"This movie is the last straw in a list of films I have seen this week that have pushed me over the edge and forced me to join IMDb and spread some warning to the public. It was absolutely horrible. The film was drawn out and painfully boring. The sound),-1.0
(,"This movie was so bad it was funny! For awhile there I thought I was actually watching a parody of a bad movie (a la ""For Your Consideration""). The ""cliffhanger"" scene at the end had me laughing until my insides hurt. The script was dreadful enough),-2.0
(,"This obvious pilot for an unproduced TV series features young Canadian actress Shiri Appleby as an amnesiac with some pretty incredible powers that must be put to use when a man-turned-flying demon is let loose on the world. The CGI is par for a TV job),-1.0
(,"Watched this French horror film last night and pretty much liked it. The whole movie takes place in a prison cell with basically three prisoners who find a hand written journal in a wall from a serial killer that had escaped the prison 20 years earlier),-0.6
(,"Your idol will deceive you in this movie. Stephen Nichols is mis-cast as a young german student still bending under his father's orders although the actor obviously looks near 40 years-old. This makes his relationship (a collection of copulation scenes),-3.0
(,"""Fat Girls"" is among the worst films within the indie gay genre.<br /><br />The premise is promising: an average-looking gay teen is trapped in a repressive small TX town. His only kindred spirits are the other village HS misfits: the class 'fat girl'),-2.5
(,"A movie that makes you want to throw yourself on a sword. I've seen schlock in my time but after viewing the wretched mess I don't think I can ever watch a another movie again. May God pity the souls who made this.<br /><br />Premise- Ex-Army quiet stud),-1.0
(,"First the easy part: this movie is pretentious crapola!<br /><br />It put me in mind of ""Magnolia"". And then I thought ""Wow-- somebody made a movie even dumber and more irritating than ""Magnolia"".<br /><br />I know nothing about the Polish brothers),-1.0
(,"I am so disappointed. This movie left me feeling jipped out of my time and mental energy. Here was the quintessential Woody Allen film all over again: the neurotic upper-class Manhattanites debating whether or not they will cheat on their spouses. Woody),-1.0
(,"I saw this film at the New Festival in New York. It was by far the worst film there. It's use of uncircumcised full frontal nudity and a wishy-washy script and direction that neither commits to a re-make of 'Maurice' nor decides it's a Neil LaBute flick),-1.0
(,"NYC model Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) rents a room in an old brownstone where she meets a few bizarre neighbors and experiences some creepy hallucinations. As lawyer boyfriend Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) goes about making inquiries on her behalf),-2.0
(,"REALLY? REALLY???? I know if you make a political war movie you will get noticed but this movie was just garbage. Horrible in every sense. Terribly inaccurate in so many ways. I have an easier time believing the president of the United States suiting up),-2.0
(,"The Western society has been fed ideas about India being a poor country. Movies like these only make those beliefs stronger. Such illustrations make it all the more difficult for Indians to be accepted abroad. Agreed there are poor and homeless in India),-0.4
(,"The extraordinary Rosemary Forsyth is the main reason to see this flick. Why she never became a bigger store may never be known. But she is exceptional and steals every scene she's in. Garson Kanin directed this piece of fluff and the cast is first rate),-2.0
(,"This film is about a deadly poison that is contained in small glass globes that is used to kill. This is apparently done to hide an espionage ring intent on stealing plans for a new American bomber. Now much of this plot was repeated in other Chan films),-1.5
(,"This is by far the worst movie i have ever seen. Its been a few years since I saw it and nothing has come close since then and i doubt that there ever will be a movie produced that is as bad as this. It tries to make fun of a variety of different movies),-0.75
(,"This is surely one of the worst films ever made and released by a major Hollywood studio. The plot is simply stupid. The dialog is written in clichés; you can complete a great many sentences in the script because of this. The acting is ridiculously bad),-1.25
(,"This small John Ford western with no 'stars' but a cast of character actors is one of his masterpieces. It has a documentary-like feel to it as it traces the journey West of a party of Mormons and it may be the most authentic looking of all Ford's films),-1.0
(,"What does the Marquis de Sade have to do with Egyptian archaeology and mermaid worshipping cults? Tobe Hooper tries to answer that question in one weird little film.<br /><br />Genie is a young cutie who visits her nerdy archaeology father in Alexandria),-2.0
(,"..but unfortunately no one thought about having Van killed in order to save this doomed production. The only positive thing about him in the film is his nice singing voice...too bad the songs are mostly insipid and sappy. Why did I hate Van so much? Well),-0.7777777777777778
(,"Eight academy nominations? It's beyond belief. I can only think it was a very bad year - even by Hollywood standards. With Huston as director and Jack Nicholson and Kathleen Turner as leads I probably would have swallowed the bait and watched this anyway),-3.0
(,"It was so disjointed - it seemed to jump from place to place - and the ""thief"" was obvious. It was a poor man's (not to mention high school) ""Less than Zero"". I would pass on this movie as it has very little to add. So many issues are left unresolved),-2.0
(,"Jealous husband holds car dealership hostage while Williams burdens the viewer with his worn out Mork shtick at every turn. Yawn.<br /><br />Pay channel grist. An uncommonly bad script coupled with a less than convincing Robin Williams as a slick talking),-1.0
(,"SPOILERS: I'm always surprised at how many people gave this game good reviews. It was awful. The script and voice acting alone ruined it. Gabriel and Grace are the most unlikeable characters in the game. You almost pray for their deaths. And worst of all),-0.6
(,"Scooby Doo and the Monster of Mexico was no doubt the weakest of the modern Scooby Doo animated features. Loch Ness Monster is a considerable improvement.<br /><br />This time the gang head off to Scotland to see the Highland Games and visit Blake castle),-1.0
(,"The first ""side-story"" in the universal century Gundam universe presents a refreshing new look at the war between earth and the space colonies. The focus is no longer on a small group of individuals who would go on to play pivotal roles in the conflict),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This film is a refreshing change of pace from the mindless Hong Kong triad movies I have grown so tired of. There are no spectacular gun fights. No car chases. And practically minimal action to speak of. The audience is kept in suspense for the most part),-1.5
(,"This film is about a bunch of misfits who are supposed to be assigned to a task that is expected to fail miserably. The misfits pull together to successfully complete their mission.<br /><br />Hilarity ensues.<br /><br />Like the ""Police Academy"" films),-2.0
(,"This film is mildly entertaining if one neglects to acknowledge its numerous incongruities of plot and sheer lack of believability. Bruce Willis as ""The Jackal"" never seems to live up to his reputation as a cunning mastermind of the underworld. Instead),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is 2009 and this way underrated gem has lost nothing of the power it had 31 years ago. It connects a pretty wide variety of different characters and stories without appearing to be cluttered.<br /><br />Clothes and music might have changed over time),-1.0
(,"This is a truly terrible film.<br /><br />I'm only writing this so that some people somewhere are put off watching it. If I have stopped one person from wasting some of their precious life watching this film I shall die happy.<br /><br />Unutterably dull),-2.2
(,"This movie was bad on so many levels. The writing was horrible so even the best actors could not have made this movie watchable. It's a shame because they did have some good actors in this movie. I mean if anyone has seen any of the Police Academy movies),-0.4
(,"What on earth happened to RGV? There are so many things wrong about this movie that one needs to stop and decide where to start- first and worst - the music. Every scene was accompanied with this pretentious background music that was telling you the mood),-2.0
(,"""Fly Me To The Moon"" has to be the worst animated film I've seen in a LONG TIME. That's saying something since I have taken my son to see every animated release for the last 4 years now. The story is to be generous...trite. The voice acting is atrocious),-3.0
(,"""Wagons East"" was a big disappointment for me. But the saddest thing about this movie is that it turned out to be John Candy's last film role (he died just before shooting was completed on this). There are only a few laughs throughout this western spoof),-0.75
(,"A thematic staple of cinema since its inception is that genre involving seductive women whose wiles and means entice susceptible men not only into their arms but also into dire circumstances that typically will only result in jeopardy for the male victims),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Avoid this film if you are looking for entertainment.<br /><br />It is filled with wannabes trying to be something that they are not and Emraan is just wasted in the role of a tour guide who falls for a newcomer who needs to go to acting school. Seriously),-2.0
(,"Batman and Superman. Iconic. The better part of a century old. Who doesn't know of these two? There must be countless of fans who would die to make a film about them. Sandy Collora went ahead and put together a trailer for such a film(which does not exist),-0.5
(,"How is it possible that no journalist or critic reminded us of the resemblance with that other better Flemish movie ""Congo Express (1986)""? There are also some characters in congo Express put together without having really a relation to each other: Jean),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I didn't realize just how much of this episode was taken from The Enemy Below until I finally saw the movie (it has since become my fave war flick). There were a couple of elements lifted from Run Silent Run Deep as well. Nothing wrong with stealing ideas),-2.0
(,"I've seen enough of both Little Richard in interviews and in performances and enough of poor Leon pigeonholed into these 50s/60s musical bio pics to know that Leon was not the right actor for this role. Leon was so right as David Ruffin in The Temptations),-2.0
(,"It's difficult to decide who or what is the target audience for this film. Jean-Pierre Limousin presumably had the chance to explore the problems of amnesia on a serious level and opted instead to use it as an excuse to make a soft-porn movie. Having seen),-0.5
(,"QUESTION: How does a film merit two different titles like ""The Librarians"" and ""Strike Force""? <br /><br />ANSWER: The film is sooooooooo bad that the filmmakers couldn't even decide on a title!!!! <br /><br />This film is a hodgepodge of martial arts),-0.5
(,"The film's tagline is ""You think you know who you are. You have no idea."" I reject both the suggested idea that I have no idea who I am and the inferred suggestion that this film tells me who people truly are. If people in real life are really like this),-0.25
(,"The movie eXistenZ is about a futuristic video game on a ""pod"" system that is almost like virtual reality. The only copy of the video game is damaged when an assassination attempt is made on the designer (Jennifer Jason Leigh). Unless it can be repaired),-0.5
(,"The soul of an ancient mummy is transferred to one of his followers so that he might punish everyone involved in the desecration of his tomb. The soul transference makes the young man age at a tremendous pace until he himself resembles a mummy. One by one),-2.0
(,"This is the story of two guys who found a copy of 'Funky Monkey.' Finding this seemed odd at the time figuring that there are still posters for the movie at the local Cineplex Odeon. After seeing such classics as 'Every Which Way But Loose' and 'Project X),-2.0
(,"This was a film based on the Novel written by the modern literary god that is Koontz? I refuse to believe that studio bought the rights to this movie for anything using the Genius' Koontz name. Ever since my sight became poor enough to require Large Print),-1.0
(,"A friend of mine asked: ""Doesn't one have to be pro-euthanasia in order to like this movie? Is it a mistake of the movie to infer most quadriplegics want to end their lives?"" Interesting questions.<br /><br />As far as I can see (correct me if I'm wrong)),-0.25
(,"Even Mel Gibson couldnt save this slop of a movie. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Why would mel Gibson make a movie that Im sure he couldnt sit and watch? what was this? A total goofball on some heavy drugs stalking a schizophrinic lady),-0.5
(,"I hate to even waste the time it takes to write 10 lines on this atrocity. Hyung-Rae Shim is lucky that bad film-making isn't a capital crime or he'd be put to death twice for writing and directing this disaster. I'm amazed that this film had a $75m budget),-1.0
(,"Nothing but the director's juvenile fantasy come to life. This 'movie' is nothing more than an excuse for the director/actor to play kissy face with an attractive young woman who would otherwise never give him the time of day.<br /><br />The plot is simple),-1.0
(,"There ought to be some kind of prosecution to punish producers from financing screenplays this stupid. I feel that some kind of criminalization of bad film might prevent more films this idiotic from being made. Sure it has an interesting cast of characters),-0.5
(,"This film is one giant pant load. Paul Schrader is utterly lost in his own bad screenplay. And his directing is about as comatose as it can be without his actually having been sleepwalking during the process. <br /><br />The worst though is Woody Harrelson),-3.0
(,"This movie is very much like every other modern horror movie. It's predictable in the way it gets build up and progresses and just never succeeds in bringing anything original or shocking to the screen. That's really the biggest disappointment of the movie),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This showed up on a DVD a buddy of mine bought for me. They had it listed as ""The Savage Guns"" which was an entirely different movie. Obviously the folks who packaged the DVD never bothered to look at what they were burning on the disk.<br /><br />Anyway),-2.0
(,"Without a doubt one of the worst movies I've seen in recent years. The story focuses on four women driven to robbing banks who we are somehow supposed to sympathize with. It's tough to sympathize with characters who keep making such stupid decisions. Oh no),-1.75
(,"Cassidy(Kacia Brady)puts a gun in her mouth blowing the back of her head out on boyfriend Neal(Jason Dibler). Cassidy was the lead singer of a ""demons and death"" rock band who couldn't shake the sad feelings of her boyfriend's neglect towards her(you know),-1.75
(,"Child death and horror movies will always remain a sensitive & controversial combination and therefore it is my personal opinion that every movie that shows the courage to revolve on this topic should receive some extra attention from horror fans. Of course),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Fox's ""The True Story Of Jesse James"" (1957) is a remarkably poor widescreen remake of their prestigious 1939 Tyrone Power/Henry Fonda classic ""Jesse James"". I'm not sure where the fault lies but the casting in this version of the two central characters),-2.0
(,"George Sluizer's original version of The Vanishing aka The Man Who Wanted to Know offers one of European cinema's most quietly disturbing sociopaths and one of the most memorable finales of all time (shamelessly stolen by Tarantino for Kill Bill Volume Two)),-2.0
(,"I remember when this show came out. It was originally advertised as a mini-series. At the end of the last episode it said ""To Be Continued"" to the dismay of all the people who had watched the whole boring beyond words thing. It ended as it was supposed to),-3.0
(,"Perfect cast for a few-person drama. Simon is dead but somehow resurrects from outside. What he had seen there is displayed in form of blank spots orchestrated to a magnificent score by German avant-garde composer Werner Henze. Simon is haunted by his death),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Simply put: the movie is boring. Cliché upon cliché is confirmed and story lines never come together. It seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary. The main plot is very thin (a CIA agent is ordered to kill an oil prince),-2.0
(,"Taste is a subjective thing. Two people can watch the same movie with one of them loving it and the other one hating it. As it concerns 'Halloween:the Curse of Michael Myers' I fall into the latter category.<br /><br />I'm of the opinion that John Carpenter),-0.5
(,"The digital effects were done on the cheap and the action sequences lack suspense. This was essentially made for TV and it shows. David Suchet looks bored and Nigel Planer looks down right embarrassed! and as for Robert Carlyle's Dick Van Dyke London accent),-2.0
(,"The legendary Boris Karloff ended his illustrious career by making four cheapie fright flick clunkers in Mexico. This is the token moody period Gothic horror entry from the bunch. Karloff gives a typically spry and dignified performance as Matthias Morteval),-1.5
(,"The movie has taken a little flack for playing fast and loose with the facts. But it will put you close to being in a time and place that no longer exist by getting to the *feeling*.<br /><br />As Keith Richards remarks in Paul McCartney's movie about Holly),-1.0
(,"shakespeare's plays have a way of transcending time. The language somehow breaks the time barrier. but perhaps it is the actors who really do that.<br /><br />after the disappointment in Romeo and Juliet (the version with Claire Danes and Leonardo DiCaprio)),-2.0
(,"Director Todd Verow's unexpected turn into sentimental coming-out drama yields a predictable result: Nothing new to see here. Attractive but unconvincing leads - these 20-somethings are supposed to be in high school? - dribbling out banalities about confused),-2.0
(,"I attended one of the premieres last night and have the following observations: <br /><br />1. Just because you've directed a ton of music videos DOES NOT make you qualified to make movies. The movie had an overabundance of lingering shots that made no sense),-1.0
(,"In what I can say was a theft of my time I was taken to see this movie and I must say what a horrible experience. Fay Ann Lee is a terrible actress and is unconvincing in this movie. Larryjoe76 is obviously a shill reviewer. The plot is thin to say the least),-3.0
(,"It's difficult to precisely put into words the sheer awfulness of this film. An entirely new vocabulary will have to be invented to describe the complete absence of anything even remotely recognizable as 'humor' or even 'entertainment' in ""Rabbit Test."" So),-1.0
(,"Not just the money we paid to rent it or actually go to the movies. I'm talking about how big productions companies waste so much money in things that actually are boring and not to talk about ridiculous. With the millions they used to make a movie like this),-0.25
(,"This story is beautifully acted. It is both sad and heartwarming about a young girl's journey to discover where she has come from and where she is going. Stephanie was adopted by her mother's best friend after her mother and father were killed in a car crash),-0.2
(,"This was a sordid and dreary mess. I needed a shower when it was over. It goes something like this- some socialites are murdered and a woman homicide detective is assigned to the case. She discovers that the victims belonged to an underground lesbian society),-1.0
(,"Three of the things you can say about Spalding Gray are: he certainly marched to the beat of his own ""drummer;"" he was never at a loss for words; and he obviously felt that those watching and listening to him would be interested in every aspect of his life),-0.5
(,"Wow! This film is truly awful. I can't imagine how anyone could have read this badly written script and given it the greenlight. The cast is uniformly second rate with some truly horrendous performances from virtually all of the cast. The story is disjointed),-2.6666666666666665
(,"""ASTONISHING"" Screams the LA Times from the front of the DVD box. They must have been referring to the fact that such a sorry piece of crap was ever released. The film revolves around a bunch of girls who have a disease which forces them to become cannibals),-2.0
(,"Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to pass out and drift off into a world of her own creation. A bleak world she drew with a sad little boy as the inhabitant of an old dumpy house in the middle of a lonely field. Lacking in detail),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I first encountered this show when I was staying in Japan for six months last year. I found it in the internet when I was looking for sub-titled dramas to help me with my Japanese. My host mother warned me to stay away from it because she thought it was weird),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I see people writing about how great this movie was. It was horrible! The acting was sub-par at best. It made a lot of money because teenage girls went to see the movie 7 times in the theaters because of Leonardo. Where the hell did they get the money? Anyway),-0.5
(,"I tried to watch this movie twice and both times I still couldn't make it to the end credits. First time I managed to sit through the first fight sequence then lost interest. Second time I managed to force myself to digest over an hours worth of shoddy acting),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I watched this movie by accident on TV and it was so unbelievably awful I could not switch it off. Every single piece of wit and intelligence has been removed from the Oscar Wilde story by the inept screenplay writer. It barely matters because the dire acting),-1.75
(,"Predictable Unmotivated Pointless Caricatures Contrived Actors did what they could Actors clearly indicated they were embarrassed to do this Not one emotional connection REAL SEQUENCE FROM FILM ""Who you callin?"" (sic) ""The police""(sic) ""You can't do that),-0.5
(,"The movie was awful. The theater was dead with silence 'cause everyone was embarrassed to be in there watching such trash. I think someone gave Jet Li a lobotomy and made him perform a script with dialogue written by a five year old. The martial arts are 'ok'),-2.5
(,"This is a long lost horror gem starring Sydney Lassick (""Carrie"" and others) and Barbara Bach. It is sometimes difficult to locate a copy of this film but it's worth it. This film is creepy yet cheesy at the same time. It seems that 3 young newswomen (Karen),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is possibly one of the worst giant killer animal movies I have ever seen. It follows the typical premise of a laboratory experiment gone wrong and a giant crocodile with a rapid growth chemical in it escapes. The monster looks way to much like a dinosaur),-0.25
(,"This was Eisenstein's first completed project in over ten years. The film takes place in the 13th century during an invasion of Russian by Germans (Teutonic Knights - I think). Released in 1938 its a very loose parallel to Russia's nearing involvement in WWII),-3.0
(,"To call a film about a crippled ghost taking revenge from beyond the grave lame and lifeless would be too ironical but this here is an undeniably undistinguished combination of GASLIGHT (1939 & 1944) via LES DIABOLIQUES (1954); while still watchable in itself),-1.75
(,"""Throw Momma From the Train"" is a simple dark comedy with lots of laughs.<br /><br />Billy Crystal plays a frustrated writer on the verge of collapse; Danny DeVito plays a man in one of Crystal's writing classes. Crystal's ex-wife is a *hag* to put it nicely),-0.5
(,"A trooper is on the side of the road making sure every1 is obeying the speed limit (doing his job); he then pulls over a woman who appears she is a mother (there is a child in the back seat); he then is telling her what is wrong and BAM...they get killed. Okay),-2.0
(,"After watching ""A Texas Tale of Treason"" you feel a renewed disgust for the nature of the Hollywood beast. Inside the interviews and conversations of all involved with the project there is a common sense of comradery and rebelliousness that spans backgrounds),-3.0
(,"Another Norman Lear hit detailing the problems that African Americans had to go through in the turbulent 1960s and 1970s.<br /><br />With Esther Rolle and husband along with 3 children living in a Chicago high-rise project in a predominantly black neighborhood),-2.0
(,"I can't believe that Isaiah Washington and Ice-T were in this mess! The plot (and I use that term very loosely) centers around an army of rats that terrorize an urban apartment complex--at least I think that's what it was about. The script made no sense at all),-2.0
(,"I do not know which one was first released earlier in 1970 . Cannon for Cordoba is an ""Europen Western"" It was made in Spain. This means this is fairly inferior to Sergio Leone's so-called #Western Spaghetti and to the Real American Masterpieces of John Ford),-2.0
(,"I remember vacationing in Florida when this movie aired. I had set up my VCR to record it. The anticipation was killing me. I had known about the movie ever since it was announced some half a year earlier. We came back from Florida 4 days after the movie aired),-1.0
(,"I'm giving this film 9 out of 10 only because there aren't enough specific scientific references to the amount of energy it takes to produce food to satisfy the science haters. mdixon seems to believe the admittedly biased commentators are making this stuff up),-2.0
(,"It has very bad acting. Bad story lines. Bad characters. You should never see this show If you see it on. TURN IT OFF. Or you be cringing for the next 30 minutes. It should have never been aired. It's not great. You should never see it. NEVER EVER EVER. So now),-3.0
(,"Maybe this movie was actually intended to be satire like 'Airplane' but it failed at that as miserably as it failed at being a 'thriller'. I don't understand why they couldn't have paid an actual pilot a couple hundred bucks for a little technical advice. Hell),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Silly and violent thriller that is a rip - off of 'Deliverance' but without any charm and intelligence. The plot is ridiculous and the cast seems to be tired and anxious to be free of this obnoxious entry. This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very),-1.1111111111111112
(,"There are some bad movies out there. Most of them are rather fun. ""Criminally Insane 1"" was one of those flicks. So bad that it was enjoyable and had re-watch value to it. ""Criminally Insane 2"" has to be one of the worst movies ever made and coming from me),-3.0
(,"This film is about a Japanese woman who has an obsession with calligraphy on skin.<br /><br />The plot is absolutely bizarre. I fail to see any ""sensual"" or ""erotic"" undertones. The plot turns an ancient art form into a fetishistic pornography. In addition),-2.0
(,"This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage. I saw ""capturing the friedmans"" a short while ago and have to admit I thought this was better.<br /><br />The story is not an incredibly shocking one),-0.3333333333333333
(,"To say this film is simply a demonisation of Catholics and a misrepresentation of history is untrue. That is not what this film is.<br /><br />What this film is is a comment on the abuses of the Church (although this could be substituted for any powerful body)),-1.0
(,"Trash/bad movies usually ain't bad because I will find them enjoyable. This one is so bad that I am out of words to describe it - its below ""bad"". There is an instruction in the beginning of the film that tell you what to do during the movie. Needless to say),-3.0
(,"Uzumaki succeeds as at plunging you into a bizarre surreality where Uzumaki shapes haunt and curse a town. It fails at being a competent horror movie. While the film is sure to draw attention mainly to it's bizarre plot line and a few interesting visual treats),-0.5714285714285714
(,"*** This comment may contain spoilers *** Warning: this does contain spoilers I have seen some pretty lame films in my day. And that only stands to reason seeing as I see about 80 films a year. I would have to say that out of those 80 films I see at the theater),-0.5
(,"A broke would be screenwriter and his would be agent (Tom Wood and Arye Gross) are forced to live in a self storage facility run by an eccentric and intimidating manager (Ron Perlman) whom they come to believe is the serial murderer that is terrorizing the city),-1.5
(,"David Lynch's (1999) film of John Roach / Mary Sweeney's story is set in Iowa and Wisconsin some time well before the film's eventual release.<br /><br />We come into the life of Alvin Straight (Richard Farnsworth) late on in life. His medical condition is poor),-2.0
(,"Happened upon a copy of this. Not mine and if I had spent my own money on this I'd be finding those responsible and demanding it back! All I can say is this would be a terrible student film. Any understanding of the medium of film is absent. Acting is god awful),-0.8
(,"Heartland was in production about the same time as Michael Cimino's Heaven's Gate - Heartland cost a fraction to make but is 10 times the piece of film.<br /><br />Heaven's Gate was ""the biggest and most expensive ($40 mil in 1980!) Hollywood flops of all time),-2.0
(,"I am sorry to say that this film is indeed bad. It reminds me of a c-grade porn movie with one major difference: no porn.<br /><br />The story and dialogue needs a complete overhaul. Maybe then the bad acting would not have been as noticeable. At the very least),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I have never seen a movie that annoyed me that much. It is a movie about stupid people that are doing stupid and terrible things. This is not a funny movie. I must say that the plot line is awful. I did not had patience to watch it so that i only saw half of it),-1.0
(,"I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie. What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles? The fact is that there are no volcanoes in Los Angeles. This movie should not be filmed in Los Angeles),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I watched this movie based on the comments of a few that said that is was bad but funny. But you need to be warned that this movie has the worst special effects ever produced. They make 1950s science fiction movies look like works of art. This is funny at times),-0.4
(,"PRC which was the lowest of the low actually struck gold with this moody little thriller. They did the same thing a year earlier with ""Detour"" which is probably one of the finest low-budget films ever made.<br /><br />""Strangler"" is basically a one set film),-1.0
(,"Steven Segal's movie career is a tribute to horrible cinema. I have been tragically bored with every one of them as soon as I realized that they were even more unrealistic than Jean Claude VanDamme's. Has anyone else ever noticed that he never gets hit?! I mean),-2.5
(,"Think Jumanji but with a death curse. A bunch of surfer dudes get their hands on a game that takes the life of some one who is playing it. Supposedly it was made from the skin of a witch during the Spanish Inquisition and carries a nasty curse. <br /><br />Okay),-2.5
(,"This movie should have come with a disclaimer that it was akin to the Left Behind series. I did not know it would be a Bible-thumping movie. I expected it to truly be a movie about UFOs and alien abduction for entertainment's sake. As previous reviewer comments),-2.0
(,"This was a wonderful little American propaganda film that is both highly creative AND openly discusses the Nazi atrocities before the entire extent of the death camps were revealed. While late 1944 and into 1945 would reveal just how evil and horrific they were),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Was'nt really bad for Raw's first PPV of 006. But the ending was really really shocking to everyone in attendance & the ones who were watching at home.<br /><br />FIRST MATCH- RIC FLAIR VS. EDGE W/ LITA FOR THE WWE INTERCONTINENTAL CHAMPIONSHIP Not a bad opener),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Big splashy film of the Broadway music. Nathan (Frank Sinatra) loves to roll the dice and organize illegal crap games. Blonde loving Adelaide (Vivian Blaine) wants to marry him IF he gives up craps. He decides on one last game when Sky Masterson (Marlon Brando!)),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I knew this would be one of the worst movies I could have imagined...but in just 20 short minutes it actually exceeded my low expections by being possibly THE worst movie I have ever seen.<br /><br />I have already wasted too much time typing about it...trust me),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I never really started watching the show until it was canceled and started showing re-runs. I actually enjoyed it for the first to third season. Once I saw the fourth and fifth one I was beginning to get irate. The first problem was that they did that irrelevant),-2.0
(,"My bad film guru (and the president of the Exposed Film Society) sprang this one on us last week. There was no denying the demented gleam in his eye as he pulled it out of its brown paper bag and announced what he had in store for us: ""The Most Dangerous Game""),-2.0
(,"OK where do I start? I saw a screening a couple weeks ago and I was shocked how bad this movie is. Sure if you just LOVE Beverly Hillbillies and Green Acres (bad acting) and you think they are the best TV shows on air then you will definitely love this movie. Me),-0.4
(,"Ridiculous thriller in which a group of students kidnapped their bad and neurotic teacher (Mirren) just to prevent her action against them. Interesting premise could render a good movie but this one is just lame and far fetched. Boring with an ending embarassing),-0.75
(,"STAR RATING: ***** Unmissable **** Very Good *** Okay ** You Could Go Out For A Meal Instead * Avoid At All Costs <br /><br />Stuck-up career bitch Kate (Franka Potente) heads to the London underground to catch a train to take her to meet George Clooney. However),-5.0
(,"Starring Tomas Milian and Manny Perez  'Washington Heights' is a low budget drama set in a Latino neighborhood in NYC.<br /><br />A young comic-book artist (Manny Perez) wants to escape his Latino neighborhood. When his father is crippled by a robber's gunshot),-1.0
(,"The main word that comes to mind when considering this film is ""dodgy"". This is a low-quality film biography of one of the most iconic performers of all time. The Gloved One deserved better.<br /><br />Before getting into the meat of my thoughts on this biopic),-2.0
(,"The plot is about the death of little children. Hopper is the one who has to investigate the killings. During the movie it appears that he has some troubles with his daughter. In the end the serial killer get caught. That's it. But before you find out who dunnit),-2.0
(,"This film has a special place in my heart as the worst movie I have ever seen. It is about as fun as doing hard manual labor with stomach cramps. The movie starts out bad (I would rate the first few minutes of the film a 1/10) and then it get progressively worse),-1.2
(,"This was really a ""nightmare"" of a film; i saw it about nine years ago on cable TV and haven't forgotten it since. Pixote is a 10-year old boy who lives in the streets of Sao Paulo (Brazil) and leads a criminal life in the company of his teenage friends Lilica),-2.0
(,"Two old men sitting on a park bench . I don`t really have a problem with this scene - Only problem is that it`s not a scene it`s the entire movie<br /><br />Yup movies don`t get anymore low concept than this . They also don`t get anymore boring than this either ),-2.3333333333333335
(,"there is only way to describe this movie.<br /><br />so bad its hilarious.<br /><br />the acting is so bad i laughed my ass off throughout. The male lead in this movie trying to use a gun is so ridiculous you would think he was trying to copy a toy action figure),-2.1666666666666665
(,"this is one of the worst movies ever There is a scene where they are supposed to be underwater and they are literally walking on land and they added bubbles! The shark is boring and is just this big slow computer generated silly thing. Antonio Sabato is horrible),-1.8
(,"""Death Bed:The Bed That Eats"" is a supremely bizarre horror film that truly has to be seen to be believed.There is an ancient four-poster bed that just loves to eat humans and it does so anytime it can lure anyone to lie upon it.There is also a long-dead artist),-2.0
(,"""Visitor Q"" is a failed attempt at black comedy which focuses on what might be the world's most dysfunctional family including physical abuse from beatings to murder to incest to sodomy to necrophilia to a lactating mom who nurses her husband and adult daughter),-1.5
(,"Annie Potts is the only highlight in this truly dull film. Mark Hamill plays a teenager who is really really really upset that someone stole the Corvette he and his classmates turned into a hotrod (quite possibly the ugliest looking car to be featured in a movie)),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Cliché-avoidance is one of this film's main achievements. When you hear a vague outline of the story  Erasmus students of mixed nationalities sharing a flat in Barcelona  you predict a collection of Euro-stereotypes in a farcical tangle. Pas du tout! In fact),-2.0
(,"I think the movie was one sided I watched it recently and find the documentary typical of western movie makers that was biased without substance. The fact is prostitution do exist everywhere in the world not in Tanzania alone and not because of this fish business),-2.0
(,"I wrote a review of this movie further down after buying it on DVD and being sorely disapointed.<br /><br />I tried watching it again after reading a few of the comments made since then. Being a film student and making similar budgeted movies myself (ie no budget),-1.0
(,"Just watched this movie and it's not bad; there are a few tense moments and not a lot of long dialog strings. Comes off as fairly intelligent; fastpaced almost like 'documentary style'. This movie will evoke some nostalgia and a bit of cold war paranoia with cars),-0.6666666666666666
(,"My roommate had bought this documentary and invited me to watch it with her. She's from China and only heard so much about 9/11 and wanted to know the cold hard truth and she wanted me to tell her more after the documentary. I felt awful watching this documentary),-2.0
(,"Reading some of the comments on the message boards here I was expecting this movie to be a complete letdown - but when I watched it I could not stop laughing! It has officially become my new favourite movie.<br /><br />I don't know what all the hate here is about),-2.0
(,"This is a really silly job of miscasting--about as bad as Hepburn playing a Chinese woman in DRAGON SEED. The lead part Hepburn plays is a combination of Granny from the Beverly Hillbillies and a faith healer! This film is even worse than Bogart's Swing Your Lady),-1.5
(,"This movie of 370 minutes was aired by the Italian public television during the early seventies. It tells you the myth attributed to Homer of the Journey home of Odysseus after the Troy war. It is an epic story about the ancient Minoan and Mycenaean civilizations),-1.0
(,"Where to begin? How best to describe just how awful this movie is???<br /><br />Let's start with the campy hick humor. It isn't very funny. Add a bunch of musicians impersonating actors - Meat Loaf is horrible and Deborah Harry is even worse. Pity poor Art Carney),-1.25
(,"what ever you do do not waste your time on this pointless. movie. A remake that did not need to be retold. Everyone coming out of the theater had the same comments. Worst movie I ever saw. Save your time and money!!!<br /><br />Nicgolas Cage was biking down hills),-1.0
(,"""Death Machines"" takes a fairly decent premise for an action movie (unstoppable martial arts killing machines sent out to eliminate a crime boss' opponents) and turns it into an unwatchable mess. I have rarely seen such a breath taking combination of tiny budget),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Accepted is a 2006 teen flick that stars the guy from the mac and PC ads. The movie is about Bartelby .B. Gaines a guy who has rejected from all the colleges he has applied for so decides to make his own college and invites all the other people who did not make it),-1.0
(,"Director/screenwriter Allan Burns seems to have patched two different scripts together before coming up with this minor outing: a comedy about infidelity and a melodrama about loss and sabotage. It results in a wincingly unfunny film. Christine Lahti plays a crass),-1.0
(,"I am not sure who is writing these<br /><br />glowing reviews for this movie but trust me it STKINKS. I have seen hundreds of horror films and slasher flicks and this one is LAME it is only about 80min long and believe me that is all I could take. Plot is terrible),-1.0
(,"I tuned in to this movie because there was nothing else to watch. I was immediately sucked in by the characters.<br /><br />Robin Tunney is nothing less than spectacular in this film. Her portrayal of a mentally ill woman is both moving and 100% believable. Really),-2.0
(,"It's hard to believe that a movie this bad could actually be released. The dialog was unnatural. Especially poor was the portrayal of the relationship between the boy and his future step-father. I guess you could say that they succeeded in producing awkward dialog),-2.0
(,"Kill Me Later"" has an interesting initial premise: a suicidal woman (Selma Blair) on the verge of jumping off the top of an office building is protects a bank robber (Max Beesley) who promises to ""kill her later.""<br /><br />The actual execution of this premise),-0.14285714285714285
(,"Lorna Green(Janine Reynaud)is a performance artist for wealthy intellectuals at a local club. She falls prey to her fantasies as the promise of romantic interludes turn into murder as she kills those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It's quite possible that),-0.5
(,"One of the better Vance films succeeds more on interesting plot and artful direction by none other than Michael Curtiz. This time around a generally hated financier is found dead - shot in the head - in his locked and bolted bedroom on the upper floor. Philo Vance),-0.5
(,"Terrible terrible movie for Television. Once again Lifetime brings us the predictable triangle; scheming bitchy woman out to get stupid unknowing wife of yet another stupid husband who doesn't have a clue.<br /><br />I get antsy when I see these films. You may ask),-2.3333333333333335
(,"There are so many puns to play on the title of the spectacularly bad Valentine that I don't know where to begin. I will say this though; here is a movie that makes me long for the complexity of the Valentine cards we used to give out in elementary school. You know),-3.0
(,"This Showtime cable film features a talented cast and weaves together several storylines involving the darker side of New York... from the naive and innocent tourists' nightmarish adventure to a pair of undercover cops on the streets... to an old friend's betrayal),-1.0
(,"This has to be one of the 5 worst movies ever made. The plot looked intriguing like that of Passenger 57. But with the latter movie it somehow worked a lot better. The plot has been worked out in the worst possible way. Just a few of the awful moments in the movie),-1.75
(,"This has to be one of the worst films of the 1990s. When my friends & I were watching this film (being the target audience it was aimed at) we just sat & watched the first half an hour with our jaws touching the floor at how bad it really was. The rest of the time),-3.0
(,"This very forced attempt to fuse Robert Altman and Quentin Tarantino (who is wildly overrated himself) is neither informative nor entertaining. The character development is arbitrary and unbelievable -- especially in the final scene of the thugs and the little boy),-1.0
(,"You'll feel like you've experienced a vacation in Hell after you have sat down and watched this horrible TV movie. This movie is an exercise in over-acting (very bad over-acting) to situations that made out to be more than what they are. I won't give away the plot),-1.3333333333333333
(,"i found the film a bit predictable and boring but i am 14.<br /><br />i was really annoyed with my little cousin as she was very hyper that day so i saw a film on the Disney channel and put it on and told her to watch it.<br /><br />she is 6 and she loved the film),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Alone in the Dark is Uwe Boll's kick in the nuts to Hollywood after House of the Dead's punch in the face.<br /><br />If anything it proves just how much of a master manipulator Boll is. After forcing Artisan out of business over the flop that was House of the Dead),-2.5
(,"Clint Eastwood reprises his role as Dirty Harry who this time is on the case of a vigilante (Sondra Locke)who is killing the people that raped her and her sister at a carnival many years ago. Eastwood makes the role his and the movie is mainly more action then talk),-3.0
(,"Eaten Alive follows a young woman (Janet Agren) who searches for her lost sister. Turns out her sister have joined a sect that has disappeared into the jungles of Borneo. With Vietnam veteran Mark at her side she sets off to find her sister.<br /><br />As per usual),-2.0
(,"Eyes of the Werewolf (1999) is a really bad movie. The premise was real good but the overall execution was just terrible. I wished the filmmakers would have taken their time with this project instead of rushing it into production. Some blind dude gets some new eyes),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I caught this at a test screening. All I can say is: What...the...hell? This movie plays out about as smoothly as Mickey Mouse reading the script for ""Scarface."" It's bizarre beyond making the slightest bit of sense; and even if you do leave your brain in the car),-1.5
(,"I got seriously ripped off with this purchase. The other posters pretty well cover the failings of this poor poor film. My DVD that I purchased actually had the 1978 Piranha poster art on the cover with the credits for that film on the front 'Directed by Joe Dante'),-1.0
(,"I missed the first 10 or so minutes of the movie but don't think watching it from the beginning would've made any difference. I found the film extremely boring and was disappointed with the acting. I remember Patrick Swayze and some of the other actors (Roy Marsden),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I used to think that it couldn't get worse that ""Army of the Dead"" but this load of crap makes the afore mentioned movie look like ""The Godfather""!! The special effects are HORRIBLE (Makes the original Nintendo graphics look like HDTV). When it comes the acting),-0.5
(,"I've seen a lot of movies in my time and this one really stands out as being the absolute worst movie ever made in the history of film making anywhere in the world. It took me 3 efforts to watch this movie. The first time I fell asleep after 15 minutes from boredom),-3.0
(,"Kill the scream queen may sound like a good slasher flick but it is terribly boring and very dumb.<br /><br />Kill the scream queen is about a crazy filmmaker who auditions girls to be in his snuff film. He rapes and tortures them. This is trash that is not amusing),-1.375
(,"Terry Benedict (Andy Garcia) catches up with Danny Ocean and his team and demands that they repay the money that they stole from him (in Oceans 11) plus interest. He holds back from violent action however as he is under the instruction of the world's greatest thief),-0.3333333333333333
(,"The latest Rumor going around is that Vh1 is starting casting calls for I Love New York 3 mid 2008. So does this mean Budah or Tailor made dumped New York or does this mean New York dumped the winner?<br /><br />I know Flavor of Love is coming up to it's 3rd season),-2.0
(,"An awful travesty of the Greek resistance. Senorita Cruz badly miscast as a Cephalonian Greek girl (there are plenty of attractive good English speaking Greek actresses so why pick a Spanish lady for one of the leading roles and with an English actor as her father),-1.25
(,"Blank Check is easily one of the worst films of the nineties. The plot is completely pointless; its overtones of lonliness are pathetic. Do you really believe a twelve year old acting as a personal assistant for a millionaire could accomplish everything in this film),-0.5
(,"Child 'Sexploitation' is one of the most serious issues facing our world today and I feared that any film on the topic would jump straight to scenes of an explicitly sexual nature in order to shock and disturb the audience. After having seen both 'Trade' and 'Holly'),-1.0
(,"Each frame in the movie is a lesson to new directors or existing directors to know how a movie should be taken. Hats off to Sekhar. He is underestimated in Indian film industry. The director has got all the qualities in taking this movie in the range of Satyajir ray),-1.0
(,"I noticed ""Fire"" was on cable the other night and I began watching it because I couldn't recall anything specific about it other than I remember it being a horrible film when I saw it back in '85. Twenty years later the film is still awful. Besides the synthesizer),-3.0
(,"I saw this at the Toronto Inter. Film Festival in Sept. 2005. The description seemed intriguing--how wrong I was! This could easily be the worst movie I have ever seen--in 50 years! I see the director is my age (b. 1948) and lived with Nico of the Velvet Underground),-2.5
(,"I watched this film awhile ago and the only thing i can remember about the film is how absolutely horribly outstandingly bad it was its definitely in my top 5 worst films i have ever seen.And to think i had to persuade my mates to get this film out at the video shop),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I would perhaps give 6 or 7 to this propaganda film because it shows when and how a propaganda film becomes successful. If there are people who watch this piece and think that ""well then Jews must have done something to be treated the way they were treated in WW2""),-2.0
(,"I'm tired of people judging films on their ""historical accuracy"". IT'S A MOVIE PEOPLE!! The writers and directors are supposed to put their own spin into the story! There are a number of movies out there that aren't entirely accurate with the history....Braveheart),-2.0
(,"If ever there was a film that deserved a big fat zero rating it's this pile of crap. I love zombie films and even bad ones usually have something going for them but not this atrocity. I actually began to feel angry watching this film because it's so insultingly poor),-0.8
(,"If this is a 2008 product from one of the biggest production houses of Indian Film Industry (Yash Raj) then I am afraid it is a very long ahead for us to reach the right standards.<br /><br />If you can go wrong to this length with such an enormous star cast of Anil),-1.0
(,"Now I understand that this took two months to shoot. Really? I'm pretty certain my crew could do it in less than a week. This movie sucked so bad I couldn't even pay close attention. Just more proof that boob bearing women can't always save you from horrible writing),-0.5
(,"Of all Arnold's mid-'80s movies who would have thought that most relevant today would be The Running Man. A chilling and surprisingly realistic tale of reality TV gone mad. It may have been far-fetched back then but not so now. Not when you think about it. Currently),-1.0
(,"Poorly directed short ""film"" (shot on hi-def or betacam it appears). It screams student film/video all the way. The premise is limited in scope and the short actually feels a lot longer than it runs. Some interesting acting moments and some decent production value),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Sensual and tough Maria Braun. (Hanna Schygula) marries a soldier in the middle of World War II and spends a half of day and the whole night with him. That's how long her marriage lasts before she loses him to the war and then to prison. She carries on with her life),-2.0
(,"The dubbing/translation in this movie is downright hilarious and provides the only entertainment in this otherwise dull and derivative zombie flick. I haven't laughed so hard in my life as I just did watching Zombi 3 (and I've seen some really bad dubbing in my life),-0.6
(,"The late 80's saw an inexplicable rash of supernatural horror films set in gloomy penitentiary settings. Renny Harlin's superbly gritty and moody ""Prison"" got the whole haunted hoosegow ball rolling; it was immediately followed by the markedly inferior ""The Chair),-1.8
(,"The reason why people say that this movie scared them is because it did!! That means the movie purpose was felt by a few who did see it. When I first saw this Movie it scared me and made me think about life and religion. This is not a blood and gore scary type movie),-2.0
(,"This film is a massive Yawn proving that Americans haven't got the hang of farce. Even when it has already been written for them! The original film ""Hodet Over Vannet"" is a witty comedy of errors that I would rate 8/10. It isn't just about a linguistic translation),-0.5
(,"This movie is not as horrible as most Sci-Fi Channel movies. I am used to seeing the gray CGI blobs and the amateurish special effects such as close-ups of fake blood that make it very obvious that the blood is strawberry syrup or some other syrup variation. However),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This was the worst movie my wife and I have ever seen. The only concessions is that we did not pay to see it at the movies as we rented this on DVD from the video store. Simply - No plot worth mentioning (I only watched it 5 minutes ago and already I have forgotten)),-0.75
(,"What on earth? Like watching an episode of Neighbours after drinking two bottles of cough medicine- nightmarish and making no sense at all. I was waiting for the clever part where everything fits into place and saves the film. Maybe it was there and i just missed it),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Yet again one of the most misunderstood Goddesses of my country has been twisted by ""Westerners"" who cannot understand the esoteric symbolism of the Mother Goddess in her dark forms. The Mother takes on the frightening form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons),-2.6666666666666665
(,"How can a major German TV station broadcast a mess like this? It's amazing how the main actors avoid every acting talent - Even the well-known Gottfried John is acting very poor - especially in the double murder scene - how amateurish.......! The screen plan is very ),-0.16666666666666666
(,"I bought this out of curiosity. How did John Carradine (who died in 1988) and Cameron Mitchell (who died in 1994) make appearances in a film made in 1995? Thanks to the miracle of unused film can footage that's probably been sitting on a shelf somewhere for ten years),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I disagree with the imdb.com synopsis that this is about a bisexual guy preparing to get married. It's more about all the crap we go through - self-induced and because of our parents - that we have to ""get over"" when we grow up. Like the Linda McCarriston poem says),-3.0
(,"I don't know who got the idea that orcas go around killing people and bashing and destroying things for revenge but my god is it absurd. Orcas are most definitely not the cold-blooded killer this movie makes them out to be...its silly. Orcas are extremely intelligent),-1.0
(,"One of the most interesting things is that this 1988 film is highly touted as an `in-name only' sequel. There's nothing wrong with that except this: The return of Chevy Chase as Ty Webb. This connects the viewer to this character (from the original Caddyshack in 1980),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This was god awful. The story was all over the place and more often than not I was confused because of horrible editing. I felt no sympathy for anyone because their characters were not developed enough. They were extremely superficial people with no dimension. Cheesy),-0.6666666666666666
(,"""Perhaps we can arrange a meet. "" ""Where are you now? "" ""I'm sitting in my office. "" ""I doubt that. "" ""Why would you doubt that? "" ""If you were in your office right now we'd be having this conversation face-to-face. ""<br /><br />Bourne remains street tough),-1.0
(,"**********POSSIBLE SPOILER********** Madonna plays an ex-con that needs to recover some valuable information that might clear her from the murder that she was put in prison for four years ago. Griffin Dunne is a tax attorney who's marrying his boss' daughter. Together),-1.0
(,"At least it's not full of sensless violence or fluff. It's also not very full of thought or a smooth storyline. This story had some potential but the director appears to have lost site of the green. The story is disjointed and goes off in strange<br /><br />directions),-2.6666666666666665
(,"At two and a quarter hours this is a sometimes slow moving thoughtful film interrupted by vast sword battles. The battle between darkness and light is signified by the constant motif of the blazing sun and is superbly demonstrated by a three way fight between 'demons'),-0.6
(,"I went and saw this movie last night after being coaxed to by a few friends of mine. I'll admit that I was reluctant to see it because from what I knew of Ashton Kutcher he was only able to do comedy. I was wrong. Kutcher played the character of Jake Fischer very well),-1.0
(,"One of Starewicz's longest and strangest short films follows a toy dog in search of an orange after becoming animated by the tear of the mother of a girl who longs for an orange. The dog comes upon an orange after falling out of the back of a car on his way to be sold),-1.0
(,"Stoic and laconic soldier Sergeant Todd (a fine and credible performance by the ever reliable Kurt Russell) gets dumped on a desolate remote planet after he's deemed obsolete by ruthless and arrogant Colonel Mekum (deliciously played to the slimy hilt by Jason Isaacs)),-1.0
(,"This flick is sterling example of the state of erotic B-movies: bad porn movies without the hardcore sex. The plot in this one isn't so bad as these things go; it involves a female lawyer trying to prove her lover is innocent of killing his wife. The rest of the movie),-3.0
(,"This is a film that everyone who lives in Sweden should watch. The film shows the political riots who took place in Gothenburg in 2001 from a new perspective. It features interviews with those who were convicted where those people gets the first chance after the riots),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is hands down the worst movie of all time. A combination of Whoopie Goldberg (the worst actress/person in history) and a talking dinosaur ala Jar-Jar-Binks add up to a painfully bad movie. That was an understatement. This movie is unwatchable. For the love of God),-1.5
(,"Well now this strange movie. It was listed as a comedy but I certainly found nothing to laugh at. Actually I am struggling to find anything positive to say about this film. Oh here I go. Alex Ferns is not bad in the lead role and I did not pick the ending for a change),-0.3333333333333333
(,"this film was totally not what i expected. <br /><br />if this film was called something else no one would even notice the difference between the two. <br /><br />its really strange because i cannot see the point . the prequel and sequel lets just say don't make sense),-1.0
(,"1st movie comment ever! I'll start with saying ""Come on! Wasn't THAT bad... was it?""... No it was't that bad actually. I laughed and giggled enough times through the movie so I cannot say with hand on my heart that it was rubbish.<br /><br />It's completely different),-1.0
(,"I bet you Gene Simmons and Vincent Pastore negotiated in advance how many episodes they would be willing to appear in. Isn't just too contrived for Gene to switch to the ladies team and then throw himself on his sword? And Big Pussy? What the hell was that ""look at me),-4.0
(,"In fact it was awful. The main chick in it who gets topless was obviously sleeping with the director at the time. It was shot at some warehouse most likely owned by family or friends. Also they chose not to bother coming up with a story. Sure these are ways to cut cost),-1.5
(,"It is a movie which sheds the light on the begging of the Palestinian struggle against the Israeli occupation of Palestine but it does not show the real feelings of the people back then and how they were tricked into believing that they could return to their home soon ),-2.0
(,"Many of the classic films of the late '60s haven't retained their ability to disturb and confront the audience. ""In Cold Blood"" hasn't lost an ounce of its power. Its exceptionally well made yet forces the viewer to think. Some have complained not only about the film),-1.2
(,"New York police detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his own demons on a daily basis at the same time as coping with the normal ups and downs of everyday life. The strain produced by his internal struggle and his intense hatred of criminals),-1.3333333333333333
(,"One Night at McCool's is one of those films that starts with an awful amount of promise but as the film goes on it becomes silly and loses it's way big time. Liv Tyler plays a manipulative woman who tries to get her own way by flaunting her body to every man she meets ),-0.5
(,"Rural family drama--with perhaps a nod to ""Ordinary People""--concerns a young boy who withdraws into himself after fatally wounding his older brother in a shooting mishap. Despite downbeat subject matter (given mercilessly glum treatment by director Christopher Cain)),-0.5
(,"The movie was awful. The production company should be required to pay a fine for wasting electricity transmitting this nonsense.<br /><br />There were too many holes in the plot. Why would the DOJ send a killer out to assassinate a world leader? If they weren't the DOJ),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This is a horrific re-make of the French movie Ma Vie en Rose (http://imdb.com/title/tt0119590/). The only scenario that I can imagine in which anyone (Sinise?! Bates?! Butler?! What WERE they thinking!?!) agreed to be associated with it is MacLaine seeing the original),-1.0
(,"We just saw this movie in Austin Texas at the Alamo South Lamar yesterday afternoon. It had me laughing out loud many times! The scene about Albert Einstein's thoughts on humanity hit me over and over and I couldn't stop laughing. It's too bad it's not in more theaters),-1.0
(,"An accurate review of nuremburg must consider the door to history inadvertently opened with the movie ""valkyrie"" (Tom Cruise). ""Valkyrie"" (2008) at long last tells the world there was a German resistance during world war two professionally organised with bureaucrats),-2.0
(,"Frank Sinatra starred in this odd little short from RKO that is now in the public domain. The film came out at about the same time the war ended and is a nice plea for religious tolerance.<br /><br />The film begins with Sinatra on stage singing. After leaving the stage),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I am Puerto Rican and this is one of the worst documentary of I've ever seen of any type. You can see that the people on it are clueless. They don't know much about Puerto Rico and its culture. They claim to be Puerto Rican because they are from Puerto Rican descendants),-3.0
(,"I am a dumber person for renting the DVD REDLINE. Chicago Pictures who made this stupid movie never paid Palisades Media Group to buy web ads on various automotive sites including mine which has an ALEXA rating of 16K. They ripped me off on the deal and now I am out $16),-2.0
(,"I have not watched every jackass episode. It was mildly entertaining if nothing else was going. But after watching Jackass #2 i was fond of Bam and Dunn. They had a nice attitude in the movie jackass so i figured i'd tune in on viva la Bam. Boy was i mistaken. Seriously),-0.2
(,"I saw this movie last weekend and it is silly and mindless. An ancient curse turns a man into a mummy in his pajamas? The victims are scared senseless and can not run from a slow moving old man. They drop their torches and shiver instead of attempting to ward him off or),-1.6
(,"I watched this movie and the original Carlitos Way back to back. The difference between the two is disgusting. Now i know that people are going to say that the prequel was made on a small budget but that never had anything to do with a bad script. Now maybe it's just me),-3.0
(,"Slaughter High is intrinsically your emblematic 80s slasher flick. A prank goes out of hand leaving a geeky guy horribly burnt. A few years later the geeky guy returns and starts killing the people who hurt him. Now the story might sound intriguing and very entertaining),-1.0
(,"The real problem with this story is that there's not much story to the story. There's hardly any plot to speak of. Widower buys an electric grandma for his kids. One kid resists electric grandma. Then finally accepts her. Then the kids grow up and grandma leaves. Really),-0.5
(,"This is possibly the worst of the cockney gangster genre that has blighted the British film industry since Mockney Guy Ritchie unleashed Lock stock and two badly acted barrels. This ""True Life"" story of Carlton Leach (who?) has everything that is wrong with this genre),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Two things haunt you throughout L'intrus (The Intruder): who's the intruder and is it a movie or a dream you're watching? The ending is so shocking that for a while you're at a loss for an answer to either of those questions. The intruder pops up as different characters),-1.25
(,"Well here I go with another B industry movie. It's sad enough to see some badly made films but I don't care if a B industry or C industry produces the film. Show some effort in your work. The characters are really bad. The acting isn't in question in this one (surprise)),-1.0
(,"""National Treasure"" (2004) is a thoroughly misguided hodge-podge of plot entanglements that borrow from nearly every cloak and dagger government conspiracy cliché that has ever been written. The film stars Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious is that),-3.0
(,"***SPOILER ALERT*** Disjointed and confusing arson drama that has to do with a sinister plan to burn down a major vacation resort before New Years Day. Being insured for ten million dollars the man behind Valley View Estates in the Blue Mountains in Australia Julian Fane),-2.0
(,"A well-made run-of-the-mill movie with a tragic ending. Pluses: The way the story moves - begins with Soorya struggling to live followed by a long flashback about why he's there. The Music. A disinterested look at the life of policemen. Minuses: The violence and the gore),-2.3333333333333335
(,"An innocent man (Steve Guttenberg) has a one-night stand with his boss's wife (Isabelle Huppert). She spots a woman (Elizabeth McGovern) being attacked outside but she can't call the cops because it would blow her marriage to Gutenberg's boss (Paul Shenar). So Guttenberg),-1.0
(,"Blackwater Valley Exorcism is set on a small town ranch where teenager Isabelle (Kristin Erickson) is found wandering around covered in dog's blood. Her parents Ely (Randy Colton) & Blanche (Leslie Fleming-Mitchell) own the ranch & are deeply worried about their daughter),-3.0
(,"Did Uwe Boll seriously just rip off the basic idea and dialogue from Se7en?! Why is it so fekking difficult for this douchebag to be original?! He even mentioned in an interview with Gametrailers that he chooses stuff like games to make into movies because the characters),-0.6666666666666666
(,"HUNT FOR JUSTICE is a Canadian television drama that has made it to DVD and that is reason for gratitude for those who hunger for educational dramas that inform us about facts of current history that somehow get buried in the media. The film is not a Hollywood production),-2.0
(,"The cast is different and now they took a different approach we have the street smart team ""Networth"" vs . the supposed professional team ""Magna"" but boy if you think the street smart team would have trouble you'd be right. While the Magna team has struggled at times),-0.5
(,"The plot is straightforward an old man living off a main road in woodland one day witnesses a man murdering a child in the woods. Soft For Digging follows the old man's attempts to try and convince the police that what he saw was not a figment of his imagination. However),-1.0
(,"This is quite possibly THE worst movie I have ever seen. Again I made the mistake of buying the movie because the synapse on the back sounded cool and the front cover looked pretty cool too (After buying this and the movie ""Malevolence"" which I reviewed on here as well),-0.4
(,"This is the movie that epitomizes the D&D fear of the 80s (and even today). The fear being that people who play D&D (or any other role-playing game for that matter) will be ""sucked in"" and lose their ability to distinguish reality from fantasy (and go on killing sprees),-0.8
(,"This show is awful. How is George wanting the death of his mother funny? This show is terrible. The parents are obviously horrible and the children should be taken to child services. The daughter is a witch with a b and the son is just a complete brat. George isn't funny),-0.3333333333333333
(,"What a waste of time and money! My hubby and I saw this movie - after seeing the previews and thinking it ""might be funny"". WRONG! This movie is about 90 minutes too long. The actors are trapped in a poorly written script and can't get out. The jokes are weak and tired),-0.16666666666666666
(,"""Ripe"" is one of those awful indies which manages to get into circulation and give indies a bad name. Telling a stupidly incongruous tale of pubescent twin sisters who crawl from a firey car crash which kills their parents and then hit the road while happily shoplifting),-2.6
(,"...when he remade Broadway BILL (1934) as RIDING HIGH (1950). Recasting Bing Crosby as DAN BROOKS did not help a screenplay that was 'dated' in 34 let alone 50. This sad film has entire scenes lifted from the original with many of the supporting cast repeating their roles),-0.25
(,"A plot that fizzled and reeked of irreconcilable differences in opinions constituted a judgmental havoc with one side pro-life and the other a destroyer of a demon's seed. The horror was left out and replaced with an overall dull effect quite possibly meant to be horrific),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I guess it wasn't entirely the filmmaker's fault though. The film suffered from the unimaginably stupid decision to tell Clayton Moore (who had done the role in the 1950's and was the Lone Ranger us old folks grew up with) he couldn't wear the mask in public. Now mind you),-2.0
(,"I have read many comments on this site criticizing The Blob for being cheesy and or campy. The movie has been faulted for amateurish acting and weak special effects. What would you expect from a group of folks whose only experience has been in the production of low budget),-2.0
(,"I rated this a ten just because I find it so impressive what a single eighteen year old can do with a video camera. It's no epic but it's plenty engaging and I was never bored. If tens of millions of dollars can go into the countless bad films that are poured out en masse),-0.3333333333333333
(,"That's what I kept asking myself while watching this film. I mean the amount of nudity and sex was one thing but another part of the movie which gave its genre to the adult industry was its lack of storyline. Really I just wanted to get up and leave during the whole movie),-1.5
(,"This ""documentary"" is a proof of talent being used for mean purposes. The fact that it is financed by the venezuelan government gives it a lack of legitimacy in the purpose of searching for the truth of what really happened those horrible days of April 2002 in Venezuela),-2.5
(,"This is hands down the most annoying and frustrating game I have ever encountered. Every time you turn around the game takes control of your character or creates invisible walls that you can't walk through. The cut scenes leave you in control of your character's movements),-1.5
(,"This is shallow hedonism and/or social commentary wrapped in a tragic tale about a jealous young woman's scheme to drive apart her father and his fiancée. Is it incest or just a view through the eyes of a daughter with an Electra complex? Who cares? All of the characters),-2.0
(,"This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. They said this was the man's answer to Waiting to Exhale...All I'm going to say is that we really didn't respond at all. I couldn't believe that it was actually made. The director should choose another profession),-3.0
(,"this is a piece of s--t!! this looks worse than a made for t.v. movie. and i shutter to think that a sequel was even concieved and the results... war is prettier than this. jean claude van shame has done it again and he wonders why his career is where it is now. no script),-2.0
(,"But this movie was a bore. The history part was fine but the musical part was not. Not one song I cared about and no soundtrack to be heard.<br /><br />If Sweet Jesus"" was suppose to be comic relief it never work. If John Adams was suppose to be the obnoxious annoying one),-1.0
(,"Extremely disappointing film based on the James Michener novel.<br /><br />What was even worse was Marlon Brando's performance. His southern drawl was ridiculous. I found myself laughing when he spoke as he sounded like an elderly southern lady coming home to roost. Brando),-0.5
(,"I hated the first movie is really boring and we only get see the Octopus at the end. <br /><br />The plot Dead bodies are being found in the New York harbor. The police have no clues nor suspects until Nick and his colleague realize the killer is a giant octopus. Everybody),-2.0
(,"I was babysitting a family of three small children for a night and their mother gave me this to show for them having just grabbed it at Wal-Mart earlier in the week. All three children actually got physically ill while watching it. I'm pretty sure it was the pizza they ate),-0.5
(,"If I could give it less that 1 I would. Do not bother to rent; if someone gives you the DVD burn it.<br /><br />This is horrible movie making. A total waste of even digital ""film"". I have seen better on Youtube made by 12 year old boys. Lommel claims to have written this),-1.0
(,"THE LATE SHIFT was an interesting made for HBO movie that took a detailed look at the power struggle that ensued between David Letterman and Jay Leno when Johnny Carson announced his retirement and both wanted to replace him. This struggle is now part of Hollywood folklore),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The plot of this film is not complicated. A very attractive young girl goes to Europe in search of the reasons for her older sister's suicide ten years earlier. There she meets up with her sister's former boyfriend and together they travel to all the places her sister went),-2.0
(,"The third installment of the ""Carnosaur"" trilogy features a bunch of Keystone Kops-quality military commandos trying to kill two Velociraptors and a T-Rex. I give it a 4 out of sheer sympathy and my affinity for dinosaurs. The movie is definitely the worst of the trilogy),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This is a documentary unlike any other. It has so many layers and shows us so much that trying to analyze it all at once is nearly impossible. Documentarian William Greaves shows us the process of film-making from a different perspective. We see the struggles of the actors),-2.0
(,"This is the worst show I have seen in years. I believe that it should be taken off of T.V. because of its retardedness. It is so dumb I could faint when I watch it. (even though I never watch it because it is SOOOOO poor) <br /><br />Goofs: When mac says he can;t eat sugar),-2.6666666666666665
(,"This was one of the most boring ""horror"" movies that I have ever seen. A college kid has an epidemic of nightmares involving roaming spirits at Alcatraz. Trying to deliver a mix of ""Nightmare on Elm Street"" and standard vampire fare in the form of a bad 80s music video),-3.0
(,"Utterly brilliant. Powerful and evocative. The most compelling documentary series ever made concerning war. It's tone offers a stark contrast to the often gung-ho attitude towards World War 2 that the media exhibits. Rather than opting for screaming about the horror of war),-2.0
(,"When I saw on the voting panel that some people had given this film a score of 10 I assumed they were unaware that the score wasn't out of 100. This is a disaster movie in the real meaning of that term. Poorly written and weakly directed with so-called actors unable to act),-2.0
(,"""The Lady in Question (1999)"" starring Gene Wilder is a well-acted mystery drama that reminds me of the old black-and-white Raymond Burr Perry Mason series. Both Perry and ""Cash"" kept me guessing right up to the end. There were many suspects with a motive for the murder),-1.5
(,"Disappointing and irritating. The screenwriter has no true understanding of human nature but instead strings together clichés in a disjointed fashion. Character is not explored in depth. These are puppets plunked down in a plot he openly confesses needed a dramatic element),-0.3333333333333333
(,"FREDDY FORSYTH has come up with a storyline which will suit the mood of the West's suspicions about Putin's Russia. Forsyth installs a nasty guy as the Ruski president who wants to return the country - not so much to Stalin's Communism but more to Hitlerian Fascism. In fact),-3.0
(,"Forget the recent dire American remake which sadly tarnished the reputation of the French original by virtue of the director's involvement in both. This is a deftly- drawn romantic 90s noir with many twists and turns. It works best as a Gallic ode to Hitchcock's Rear Window),-0.6666666666666666
(,"How has this piece of crap stayed on TV this long? It's terrible. It makes me want to shoot someone. It's so fake that it is actually worse than a 1940s sci-fi movie. I'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense. I remember watching it when it first came out. I thought),-1.8
(,"I can't believe this terrible film was made by the same people who made Lepa Sela Lepo Gore. Watch that and skip this. The plot is muddled and the characters are mostly two-dimensional stereotypes. I suspect the editor went on vacation halfway through the film because quick),-2.0
(,"I have no idea what idiots gave this movie a Palm D'Or at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival because it was atrocious! I actually watched the entire thing simply because I couldn't believe that someone would make such a worthless film. There is nothing interesting about the plot),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I saw this very emotionally painful portrayal and it was fascinating. The conflict between the public and private faces of Williams and the pressure he was under is illuminated in a way that even those who knew something about him would be surprised. The cast acted superbly),-1.5
(,"Solo is a poor film - that cannot be ignored. The acting for the most part is very wooden (the only exception is Adrien Brody's performance as Solo's creator Bill) and the story is slight enough that you would probably forget it WHILST you where watching the film. That said),-1.5
(,"This is quite possibly the worst film I have ever seen. Worse than the most abhorrent American dross; worse than Glitter - Mariah Carey in American dross par excellence. I can only imagine that the writer and producer were taking huge amounts of recreational pharmaceuticals),-2.0
(,"This movie caught me by surprise. For years I have avoided many of Harold Lloyd's sound pictures (as well as those of Keaton) because they have a generally well-deserved reputation for being lousy compared to the silent films because the basic formula has been lost. However),-1.0
(,"This movie was a confusing piece of garbage. You never knew what was going on. The characters were poorly written and for the most part they were totally unsympathetic except for Gus (played masterfully by George Eads). I hate this movie but compared to others (Dark Harvest),-2.5
(,"When teenagers go on a trip in a camper van there are many clichés that you can guarantee will follow.<br /><br />1)The teenagers will be warned not to go where they are going by a crazy local. Dan Van Husen handles that with ridiculous exposition about deadly Sirens. What),-1.5
(,"Words fail me for this appalling waste of two hours of anyone's life. The story is contrived to the point of complete incredibility. <br /><br />The acting is leaden and so much of this is laughably dreadful. Vinnie Jones - so wonderful in Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels),-0.25
(,"A stunningly beautiful Charlotte Lewis stars as a woman who is terrorized by a ghosts who torment her on the phone.Driven to the edge in terror Charlotte is forced to confront this chilling mystery in order to save her sanity and her life.I can't believe that Ruggero Deodato),-0.5
(,"Domini Enfilren (Marlene Dietrich) has spent most of her life caring for her father. Now that he has died she is free--but doesn't know what she wants. Boris Androvsky (Charles Boyer) is a monk who has fled a monastery to taste more of life. They meet accidentally in Algiers),-2.5
(,"I believe that this was supposed to be shocking or something.... All that I can say is....POOR GOAT!!! This flick is so poorly done that the parts that ""should"" shock and revolt you come across as laughable at best. The characters are so lame and 2....wait....1 dimensional),-2.0
(,"I had no idea this movie was produced by ""WWE"". Wrestling is lame enough. Why did they have to soil their name further by making a movie as crappy as this one was?? I found it to be a complete disappointment. If i had of known this movie was going to be as stupid as it was),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I have walked out of about 6 movies my entire life. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I don't know how I sat through an hour of it. I must have been in a coma that night. I saw it in the theatre when it came out 8 years ago. I couldn't even remember the name),-3.0
(,"I saw this film when it premiered in LA. I think I laughed 2 or three times. The rest of the time I was in shock at how ridiculous/poorly shot and poorly written it was. Kirby is in fact the only saving grace in the film. I was disappointed at the performance of Larry Bagby ),-0.5
(,"I should have known better..the clues were all over IMDB.com. This flick was written and directed by the same guy who has no track record. The cast is a bunch of unknowns with the possible exception of Joe Estevez who seems to specialize in bad movies. Etc. Suffice it to say),-2.0
(,"I was fully amped up to see this film. I had been waiting a year for it to be cleared down here in New Zealand. I shouldn't have built myself up so much because it was so disappointing and is without a doubt Clark's worst film There is so much wrong with this film. First off),-1.4
(,"If you've been looking for a film where a out of control nympho gets chained to a radiator by an extremely religious southern man then look no further than Paramount Vantage's latest release 'Black Snake Moan'. Not exactly looking for what I just described you say? Well then),-1.0
(,"It WAS supposed to be the last Freddy movie (and it was for over 10 years)--you would think they would have tried to get a good movie done. But they turned out giving us the worst of the series (and that's saying a lot). The plot made no sense (I seriously can't remember it)),-0.3333333333333333
(,"My wife rented this movie and then conveniently never got to see it. If I ever want to torture her I will make her watch this movie. I've watched many movies with my 4 year old and I can take almost anything. Barney is refreshing after a shot of Quigley. <br /><br />The plot),-1.5
(,"Probably not the same version as most of the other reviewers because there`s no real hard core sex . What do people mean by hard core sex ? The sort of explicit hard core sex seen in films starring Traci Lords and "" Big "" John Holmes ? Well anyway this is really poor film ),-1.2
(,"This film sat on my Tivo for weeks before I watched it. I dreaded a self-indulgent yuppie flick about relationships gone bad. I was wrong; this was an engrossing excursion into the screwed-up libidos of New Yorkers.<br /><br />The format is the same as Max Ophuls' ""La Ronde),-2.0
(,"This is a movie that relies solely on the somewhat controversial image of incest and lesbianism to get noticed.That is it.The dialogs are pathetic and the sensuality of the ""sex scenes"" is absolutely absent.The acting and the dialog are more suited for high-school children),-2.0
(,"This is just one of those movies that continually make you groan and that I wished was over. The problems are many and the good points are few. I feel the main problem with this movie is that it has what amounts to a cheesy plot and they try to make it out to be a epic movie),-0.3333333333333333
(,"What was I thinking when I rented this one? What did the distributor think when he copied the tape and shipped it all the way to Holland? That anyone really wanted to see this s***?!?<br /><br />It's about some astronauts getting into trouble outer space (Apollo 13 flashback),-2.0
(,"never before have i seen such a tale of such talentless hangers on been so ungrateful that their golden goose has failed to lay. these spunk monkeys are parasites and bad examples of friends. i felt sorry for troy as he tried to hook up all of his friends with Hollywood gigs),-2.0
(,"A resurrected wrapped monster goes on a murdering binge. A lunatic is seeking revenge against living members of a previous expedition. Universal seems to be running out of wrapping as well as new ideas. Most of the budget was probably spent on Lon Chaney Jr. to star as Kharis),-2.6666666666666665
(,"And how it made it into production astounds me. The main character is an obnoxious show off who isn't the least bit funny. I can't stand the character at all. He's a dumb ass with nothing to offer the show. <br /><br />This is the worst cartoon to surface in the last 10 years),-2.0
(,"I basically skimmed through the movie but just enough to catch watch the plot was about. To tell you the truth it was kind of boring to me and at some spots it didn't make sense. The only reason I watched this movie in the first place was to see CHACE CRAWFORD!!! He is so hot),-0.5
(,"I think I found the most misogynistic film of all time: Darklight.<br /><br />The gist of the film- Lilith was Adam's first wife and she was considered imperfect and banished from the garden of Eden because she considered herself Adam's equal and refused to submit to him. See),-2.0
(,"I'm a dance teacher and was looking forward to some good dance routines in this film. How sad to have been subjected to such a painful experience. <br /><br />I had major problems with Jennifer Beals and her character. I found Alex extremely repellent. Beals' face is so young),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Simple story... why say more? It nails it's premise. World War 3 kills all or most of the human race and we're viewing 2 of the survivors. The message is that the 2 warring sides should not have been at odds in the first place. Distilled down to representatives from each side),-3.0
(,"The only redeeming part of this movie was the price I paid. At least all I lost was $3.00 and the time elapsed sitting through this bomb. The crew member who was in charge of continuity missed the boat. When the female lead and the FBI guy went to the alleged killers location),-2.5
(,"There is a scene near the beginning after a shootout where horses are running. If something red catches your eye it is because a white van is parked behind a bush by the trail. I thought I had seen bad but this is it. A white van in a western. Did they not catch this? Oh well),-3.0
(,"This was by far the best war documentary ever made. From the very beginning of the first episode when Sir Laurence Olivier described the horrific events in Oradour-Sur-Glane 'The day the soldiers came'. To the final days of the war when the mushroom clouds appeared over Japan),-1.0
(,"Words almost fail me to describe how terrible this Irish vanity project (funded by Canadian taxpayers - both federal and Albertan) really is.<br /><br />There's a sudden appearance by a nice looking Canadian woman (Kathy Ranheim) who in real life was a star athlete in Alberta),-0.6666666666666666
(,"bottom at its absolute highest perfection. who ever says slap stick comedy is dead and boring is completely wrong. not that this film will only appeal to those who are of a masculine nature. this is another quality British dark comedy with many many jokes not violence related),-0.8333333333333334
(,"""The Foreigner"" is a tale of foreign intrigue with Seagal at the center as a deep cover operative who has a package which everyone wants and are willing to kill to get. The flick is uninspired with less of the usual action stuff which put Seagal on the movie map (fire fights),-2.5
(,"***SPOILERS*** Like some evil Tinkers-to-Evers-to-Chance double-play combination we have in ""Omen IV"" the evil seed of the deceased AntiChrist Damien Thorn come back. Terrorizing his parents his schoolmates his neighbors and finally the entire world as a she named Delia York),-3.0
(,"A buddy and I went to see this movie when it came out in 1980. It was playing in a huge theater and we were the only two people in the place. It lasted two days in the theater before they stopped showing it. It was so bad that we laughed all the way through it. Since that time),-0.5
(,"Emotionally insecure Tom Russo (Asbestos Felt) reads the secret diary of his sexy wife Leeza (Courtney Lercara) and is dismayed to discover that the love of his life has apparently been sleeping with every bloke she meets; this shocking revelation sends poor Tom off his rocker),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I caught this movie on the Sci-Fi channel recently. It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go. Two guys (one naive and one loud mouthed a**) take a road trip to stop a wedding but have the worst possible luck when a maniac in a freaky),-0.4
(,"Jack Bender's ""The Tempest"" is an adaption of Shakespeare's play ""The Tempest"". Bender transports the plot from medieval Italy to Mississippi during the time of the American civil war. He includes the slavery problem and the role of revenge in wartimes.<br /><br />Prospero),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Let me start out with saying I was VERY surprised with the production value of this movie. I managed to catch an early showing and I have to Say this is the BEST (if not only) Christian film to hit theaters since The Passion.<br /><br />Don't let the PG-13 rating scare you off),-2.0
(,"One of the most notorious of the banned ""Video Nasties"" of the 1980s is also one of the most excessively over-hyped. ""Make Them Die Slowly"" is about what you'd expect from an Umberto Lenzi-directed jungle potboilerinventive (yet poorly rendered) native torture techniques),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Seems to me that Joe Estevez spends most of his time hidden under the shadow of his rather successful brother and appearing in really bad movies. Joe spends most his time walking around dressed in black and looking quite moody. He takes orders from a puffy faced angel of death),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The Return is one of those movies for that niche group of people who like movies that bore and confuse them at the same time. Sarah Michelle Gellar plays a lame buisnesswoman who does not kill vampires or get naked at all throughout the movie. I was willing to put up with this),-1.4
(,"There were so many classic movies that were made where the leading people were out-and- out liars and yet they are made to look good. I never bought into that stuff. The ""screwball comedies"" were full of that stuff and so were a lot of the Fred Astaire films.<br /><br />Here),-3.0
(,"This film is to the F.B.I.'s history as Knott's Berry Farm is to the old west. Shamelessly sanitized version of the Federal Bureau of Investigation fight against crime. Hoover's heavy hand (did he have any other kind?) shows throughout with teevee quality script-reading actors),-1.0
(,"This movie deserved better. Mike Judge's satirical wit brought to light something too many in this country are trying to deny... we're getting dumber as a society.<br /><br />Could the 24-hour-a-day Anna Nicole coverage be any more proof? Mike Judge paints a frightening future),-3.0
(,"WORST MOVIE EVER!!!! Can't believe I wasted 90min of my life watching this crap. The only reason I didn't turn it off was I wanted to see the Gangster dude on the cover and he wasn't even in it talk about False advertising. The people that gave this movie a ten are either Dumb),-2.0
(,"warning:It contains spoilers. If a movie starts with a sex scene then it's a bad movie. (see for example 300). This one confirms the above lemma. The second scene constitutes the spinning center of all the action. The fact that we know the end makes the movie boring. Even more),-3.0
(,"""The Screaming Skull"" opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - Now there's a hook! The story itself has a fairly interesting premise for a horror flick: scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness),-0.5
(,"### Spoilers! ### <br /><br />What is this movie offering? Out of control editing and cinematography that matches up with a terrible plot. It is sad to see Denzel Washington's talents go wasted in trashes like this.We are certainly hinted how the Mexicans cannot save themselves),-0.6
(,"Countless TV displays and the memorable appearances from 4 of today's mega-stars(plus Hope Davis's screen debut) keep Flatliners still in prudence. The plot is about a non-academic research of five medicine undergrads pursuing one's crazy idea on discovering the secret of death),-2.0
(,"Every country which has a working film industry has some sane (and maybe some insane) artist which make movies that you can only completely understand when you're a part of this country. I guess Hundstage is such a movie.<br /><br />You see the lowest level of Austria's society),-1.5
(,"Fox is pretty lame. They cancel the wrong shows. It's bizarre that they would cancel a well-written program like ""Arrested Development"" and yet they keep this show and ""War at Home"". I feel that Fox loved that they broke barriers with the then-edgy ""Married with Children""),-0.125
(,"Had a bad day? Dog bit the mailman? Car wouldn't start? People got on your nerves? Then refresh yourself with a delightful experience.<br /><br />Two women decide to pool their resources in answer to an ad for a month's rental of a villa in Italy. Due to financial circumstances),-3.0
(,"Historical drama and coming of age story involving free people of color in pre civil war New Orleans. Starts off slow but picks up steam once you have learned about the main characters and the real action can begin. This is not just a story about the exploitation of black women),-0.5
(,"I hired out Hybrid on the weekend. What a disappointment! A stupid lame attempt at a tele-movie. The guy they got for the lead was totally weak and when running {he did a lot} looked like he was eating those minty sweets...with his backside! The wolf contacts he wore were great),-0.2
(,"I stopped watching lost at this episode because I thought Ana-Lucia and Libby's deaths were unnecessary and really depressing. Then I found out that they kept Libby around just to die in the next episode! Gah! I can't handle it.<br /><br />I liked this show for the first season),-1.25
(,"I was skimming over the list of films of Richard Burton when I came to this title that I recall vividly from when I first saw it on cable in 1982. I remember dialogue from Tatum O'Neal that was just amazingly bad. I remember Richard Burton's character looking so hopelessly lost),-3.0
(,"I was young film student in 1979 when the Union of the Soviet Filmmakers came to Sofia Bulgaria and premiered Konchalovsky's ""Siberiade""; Tarkosvky's ""Stalker"" and Danelia'a ""Autumn marathon"". I was stunned by the cosmopolitan dimension of the art form. Then and only then),-2.0
(,"In case you're wondering the buffoonish Loren C*****n of (Cryptozoology Inafame) is a living idiot and any information he's provided is to be tossed out with the trash. The guy simply is a news paper clipper.<br /><br />As for the story line it was was a predictable train wreck),-2.5
(,"It's the single unfunniest thing I ever watched. It's sad how he tries so hard to come up with a good joke and all he does is curse and thinks his disgusting vulgarity is funny. He is the most bitter person I ever saw. His whole act he is trying to show how much he doesn't care),-0.25
(,"The Last Hunt is the forgotten Hollywood classic western. The theme of genocide via buffalo slaughter is present in other films but never so savagely. Robert Taylor's against-type role as the possessed buffalo and Indian killer is his finest performance.<br /><br />In the 1950s),-1.0
(,"The director infuses this film with false depth by repeating a gimmick throughout the film. EVERY single shot in this movie is 3 times longer than it needs to be. You could easily cut out 1.5 hours of this agonizingly long 2.5 hour film without eliminating: one word of dialogue),-1.0
(,"There are many problems with Mystery Men. First of all there are too many different characters for all of them to be given complex or even interesting personalities. The special effects detract from the story and are not really that special. Paul Reubens is wasted in a pathetic),-1.0
(,"This film was adapted from the well known sutra on Journey to the West where a monk with his three students seek out to find a long lost book with regards to the teaching of Buddha.<br /><br />Though this movie is not as solemn as the previous films made according to the legend),-2.0
(,"This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.<br /><br />What is the purpose of this movie? A bunch of Americans enters Nazi-occupied France and starts slaughtering Germans. You see them scalping their enemies and beating them to death with baseball bats. While making jokes),-1.2
(,"This was a movie I came across by accident. I was flipping through and saw it was on Showtime so I watched it. Now i watch it at least once a month. This is a movie that is filled with symbols that might cause some people to trash it. Don't listen to people that hate this movie),-3.0
(,"Captivating tale of backstabbing behind the curtains. The movie follows the plight of David Letterman and Jay Leno as they struggle for the elusive Tonight Show spot. Letterman led by his desire for the coveted time slot and Leno led by his agent and little-devil-on-the-shoulder),-0.5
(,"I bought Bloodsuckers on ebay a while ago. I watched parts and deemed it just too dumb to review again. The excessive amount of watery 'blood' at the beginning is just plain obsolete - not to mention the ""whip-around"" wind sounds. My friends and I made a super low budget movie),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I rented this film about a month ago when I had nothing else to do on a Friday night. All I can say to describe this worthless film is 'TRASH' The acting is so badly done I've seen kids in high school do a better job The whole cast seems like they're just reading their lines out),-0.25
(,"I rented this horrible movie. The worst think I have ever seen. I believe a 1st grade class could have done a better job. The worse film I have ever seen and I have seen some bad ones. Nothing scary except I paid 1.50 to rent it and that was 1.49 too much. The acting is horrible),-2.142857142857143
(,"It was awful plain and simple. What was their message? Where was the movie going with this? It has all the ingredients of a sub-B grade movie. From plotless storyline the bad acting to the cheesey slow-mo cinematography. I'd sooner watch a movie I've already seen like Goodfellas),-1.3333333333333333
(,"The reality of the mafia environment is absolutely dog-eat-dog where a gangster will be killed for showing any sign of weakness because they become a liability. I've got no problem with the human side of gansters' being portrayed but Bugsy steers too far in the direction of soft),-2.0
(,"This animated short is a remake of one of Tex Avery's earlier shorts for Fred Quimby at M-G-M (Dog Gone Tired). An escaped convict (here just known as Joe)who just broke out of 'Alka Fizz Prison' tries to keep one step ahead of Droopy (known here as Sgt.McPoodle of the Mounties)),-1.0
(,"This movie is a farce! Names are grossly mispronounced and the plot is twisted and gnarled into something unrecognizable by any literature enthusiast. And they have the gall to give Beowulf a ridiculous cannon/crossbow weapon. Beowulf doesn't need a weapon like that! In the poem),-0.5
(,"This movie was absolutely pathetic. A pitiful screenplay and lack of any story just left me watching three losers drool over bikini babes. At times I felt like I was watching an episode of Beavis and Butthead. I couldn't even sit through the whole movie. Emran Hashmi disappoints),-0.6666666666666666
(,"A below average looking video game is turned into some sort of conspiracy to have the next terrorist discovered in the USA backyard. Welcome to the lunacy of cheaply made direct to video movies. Its full of no-name actors and actresses with little valuable plot.<br /><br />Anyway),-3.0
(,"A group of teens have their car break down in the middle of nowhere. They seek shelter in a farmhouse. But three murderous convicts are there killing the owner of said farmhouse and his family. One of them accidentally brings zombies around by knocking over a scarecrow. Cue blood),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Really no reason to examine this much further because of a few very glaring and bias misleading statements.<br /><br />A perfect example is when the filmmaker claims ""Saul"" or Paul of Tarus (the writer of The Book of Hebrews He asserts) has no idea Jesus is or was a human being),-0.6
(,"Robin Williams is excellent in this movie and it is a pity the material is not enough of a match for him. This may work if you buy into the ""U-S-A! Number One!"" mentality but story wise nothing much happens. Quite a shame really since the movie is really trying to say something),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This motion picture comes straight out of the dark dungeon of Full Moon Entertainment. This production company gained fame and fortune during the first half of the 90's by producing terribly bad and cheesy horror movies. The most famous disasters in their ouvre are ""Subspecies""),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This movie is great from start to finish about a group of med students that get together and literally kill each other by stopping their hearts and then revive themselves. They then research what happens from the ""near death"" experiences. As each one goes through the experience),-0.2
(,"This movie is simply not worth the time or money spent. Full of clichés and a plot that makes absolutely no sense ! I cant believe that so many people have given this awful movie a 10. My guess is they are stooges of the movie maker. <br /><br />If I could give this movie a zero),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This movie is such a waste of talented people and Hollywood budget. It made me think everyone in the movie was paying off a favor by being in it because they were all out of place and wasted talent in this horrible trash pile of a film. It's a contrived plot that is just pathetic),-1.2
(,"This movie was sadly under-promoted but proved to be truly exceptional. Entering the theatre I knew nothing about the film except that a friend wanted to see it.<br /><br />I was caught off guard with the high quality of the film. I couldn't image Ashton Kutcher in a serious role),-2.0
(,"This one probably does not fit in the bottom of the barrel of mediocre Slasher movies but it's surely a damn bad movie.<br /><br />The Holiday premise made it kind of interesting but after the first scenes the movie demonstrates it's poor production values and stupid plot. I mean),-0.8571428571428571
(,"What is the point of creating sequels that have absolutely no relevance to the original film? No point. This is why the Prom Night sequels are so embarrassingly bad.<br /><br />The original film entailed a group of children hiding a dark secret that eventually get them all killed),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Worst. Movie. Ever. I can't believe they had to hire Jeremy Irons to give this piece of crap some credibility - and still failed. Did they think that if they stuck to the plot of the book that their target audience wouldn't be able to figure it out on their own? (probably). ""Hey),-2.5
(,"""Intensive Care"" by Dorna von Rouveroy is easily one of the worst horror movies ever made.This extremely cheap Dutch slasher flick offers some gore and plenty of absurd situations.A horror veteran George Kennedy is completely wasted as as Professor Bruckner.The acting is abysmal),-2.5
(,"*May Contain Spoilers* A few weeks after I had originally wrote my review for Hood of the Living Dead I realized that I may have been a bit too harsh on this movie. Which is why I decided I would do something I had never done before. Review the same movie again. Don't get me wrong),-2.0
(,"A police officer (Robert Forster) in a crime ridden city has his wife attacked and young son killed after she dares to stand up to a thug at a petrol station. After the murderers get off scot-free thanks to a corrupt judge and he himself is jailed for 30 days for contempt of court),-1.5
(,"Having set the sitcom world alight with 'Father Ted' Arthur Matthews and Graham Linehan's next creation was a forgotten gem for the BBC called 'Hippies' Although created by the pair- the six scripts were written by Arthur Matthews alone.<br /><br />Set in London in 1969- Ray Purbs),-1.0
(,"I don't understand where these bad comments are coming from. The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.<br /><br />The part that gets you is that this could all happen. Not to the extent perceived in the movie),-2.5
(,"I first saw this film accidentally when they showed it on TV and I was up far too late... I really lucked out there though. It's truly incredible; from the location (as isolated as it's possible to be on this planet; it made ""the abyss"" look like ET in the council swimming pool)),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Some have commented on the subtitles not being a problem in this film - I beg to differ - the nuisances in the facial expressions and subtle interactions between the characters is such that you can not afford to take your eyes away for even a fraction of a second. I tried to watch),-2.0
(,"The subsequent two seasons of this original series was less than lacklustre. The latter seasons disastrous reshuffle contributed to its three season short life span. Maybe if the plug was pulled after the first season it would've gained a cult following.<br /><br />Aside from that),-0.5
(,"""Scientists at a remote lab experiment on (insert scaly creature here) and create out of control monsters. In the meantime a crack military team/the scientist's daughter/bank robbers find their way to the remote place and are menaced by the giant critters. One by one they're eaten),-2.0
(,"A formulaic story with all the tired cliches. I was shocked that the horrible script became a movie! What a waste! How many ORIGINAL scripts are scattered around without being produced? <br /><br /> At the climax I could predict what will happen in every single shot.<br /><br /> Oh),-2.3333333333333335
(,"An astronaut gets lost in deep space and finds himself traveling through unknown territory on board of a living spaceship accompanied by a group of alien-outlaws. This incredible plotted and enjoyable TV-installment comes along as a positive birth-fantasy. The individual characters),-0.5
(,"Directed by Diane Keaton and adapted from a book by Franz Lidz. A young mother Selma Lidz(Andie MacDowell)is battling a very serious illness and her self proclaimed inventor husband Sid(John Tururro)is a little lacking in the emotions department. Unhappy with the new home situation),-2.0
(,"First off - there's absolutely no flirting going on in this film - with Anthony or anyone else. These people don't flirt - they just do it. Your first test of endurance is to wade through more than 15 minutes of intense violence and sexual perversion. This wouldn't be so bad - hell),-2.0
(,"Having watched both the Lion King and Lion King II and enjoyed both thoroughly. I thought Lion King 1.5 might be worth watching. What a disappointment ! Disney must be getting desperate for revenues.<br /><br />Especially now that they lost the deal with pixar.<br /><br />Basically),-1.5
(,"How bad can you make a film. A good question which House of the Dead 2 succeeds in answering. I could not believe it was possible to get something worse than the first House of the Dead but amazingly the director has succeeded. The only feeling you get from the film is that its bad),-1.0
(,"I can't believe I am so angry after seeing this that I am about to write my first ever review on IMDb.<br /><br />This Disney documentary is nothing but a rehashed Planet Earth lite. Now I knew going into this that it was advertised as ""from the people who brought you Planet Earth),-3.0
(,"I cannot believe I sat through this utter waste of time. I was just too fascinated by how unspeakably bad it was that I couldn't move. It reminded me of the feeling when you can't take your eyes away from a horrible car crash or the rotting carcass of a cow. You can't help but look),-0.42857142857142855
(,"I saw this film premiere Friday (1/19) night in Park City for Sundance and was incredibly moved. Sitting in a theater and hearing first-hand the anguish soldiers go through was almost more than I could bear. Others in the audience were equally moved and while we wanted to turn away),-3.0
(,"In the ""goofs"" section for this film there's a comment to the effect that there is a mistake in continuity where Auguste's car is seen to be parked in a different place from that seen in a previous shot in the same scene. This is incorrect. One of the views is from Auguste's flat),-2.0
(,"Let's summarize how dumb this movie is with two details : Arnold to Antichrist : ""Let's see who is meanest"" said with a straight face. And you can tell they were not trying to be funny.<br /><br />How do you think Arnold will battle the evil of all evils?<br /><br />Blessed Water),-1.5
(,"SPOILER WARNING<br /><br />I got this dino-documentarie on DVD at Christmas 2004. I had longed to see it and was by no means disappointed. The score is memorable ( my<br /><br />favourites were the ""Sauropod"" theme song and the ""Winters Coming"" song ). The effects were dazzling),-1.0
(,"The Kissing Bandit was the third and final film that Frank Sinatra and Kathryn Grayson co-starred at MGM with. The first two were Anchors Aweigh and It Happened in Brooklyn. And in both Sinatra wooed and lost Grayson. I guess the third time's the charm.<br /><br />For romance maybe),-0.5
(,"The Second Woman is about the story of a mysterious man who lost his wife in an accident and now believes that someone wants to do him harm. A girl who likes him wants to help him but she is led to believe that his fears are caused by a mental illness...<br /><br />Interesting plot),-0.25
(,"The only complaint I have about this adaptation is that it is sexed-up. Things that were only hinted at in the novel are shown on-screen for some weird reason. Did they think the audience would be too stupid to understand if they were not shown everything out-right? Other than that),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This film is really quite odd. Clearly certain *events* portrayed identify the main protagonist as the Dublin criminal known as ""The General"" but almost everything else is just wrong. We are not talking of a distortion of ancient history...but a complete distortion of irrefutable),-1.0
(,"This is a truly great and beautiful movie. The underlying theme of this movie is the innocent child (Heather Graham as Joline) struggling to make her naive wishes for how the world should be make sense while being incessantly beaten down by the real world. It's not an unhappy movie),-0.14285714285714285
(,"This movie is why I found this website. I couldn't find this movie anywhere else! I am so glad we found it here! We have seen it on TV before and wanted desperately to find it and buy and have several friends interested in buying it. One other poster commented that it is was boring),-0.25
(,"Any one who saw the original would have to go out and destroy this dreadful remake. Alex Baldwin trying to imitate the late Steve Mcqueen in a word for word remake just doesn't work. While Baldwin has done some admirable work this is a flop from start to finish. McQueen had charisma),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I saw this recently on a cable channel. The movie is great; it's one of the few musicals I have seen that doesn't shy away from the light and dark. It portrays some of the splendour of the age along with a lot of the squalor. Some of the set piece dance sequences so much is going on),-1.0
(,"It is really a shame that IMDb doesn't let you give negative votes. This is the most hideously awful show ever foisted on the American public by our usually-likable neighbors to the north. The parents are a troglodyte and a neurotic hag. He is as charming as a well-used fire hydrant),-1.2
(,"This might be the poorest example of amateur propaganda ever made. The writers and producers should study the German films of the thirties and forties. They knew how to sell. Even soviet-style clunky leader as god-like father-figure were better done. Disappointing. The loss of faith),-0.8
(,"This movie is about a group of women (perhaps not of the highest repute) who are heading to a small fort to take over a recently departed uncles property where they plan to set up shop. Upon arrival in a nearby city they find no one will go there (even though its only 15 miles away)),-1.0
(,"This movie was o.k. but it could have been much better. There are some spooky moments but there aren't enough of them to make me ever want to see this movie again. There are some scenes you could fast forward through & not miss anything. The biggest flaw is that it is so predictable),-0.5
(,"WARNING! SPOILER! This movie is absolute crap. It is not entertainment. I haven't the words to describe the disgust that I felt at the end.<br /><br />This is a badly made movie about the scum of society. During the whole movie I kept waiting for it to get better. It didn't. Instead),-3.0
(,"What can be said about such a pathetic movie ? <br /><br />- Very bad acting ! The main actress seems to know only one facial expression : fear mixed with weakness. Like a poor beaten dog... The other actress (the one who plays the evil) looks like the female double of Ozzy Osbourne),-1.7142857142857142
(,"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Continued...<br /><br />From here on in the whole movie collapses in on itself. First we meet a rogue program with the indication we're gonna get ghosts and vampires and werewolves and the like. We get a guy with a retarded accent talking endless garbage),-2.0
(,"1983's ""Frightmare"" is an odd little film. The director seems to be trying to combine the atmosphere of classic '30s/'40s style horror movies with the shock factor of the then-exploding '80s slasher genre. It isn't totally successful (mostly due to very obvious budgetary restraints),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Captain Willard (Martin Sheen) has been sent on a classified mission into Cambodia during the Vietnam War to assassinate Colonel Kurtz (Marlon Brando) as he has gone completely insane and is no longer taking orders. And since Kurtz is one of the most decorated men in the armed forces),-1.5
(,"I bought a tape of this film based on the recommendation of other IMDb users and have to say that I was very disappointed. I'm a college professor and showed this movie to my class; they unanimously voted that it's a terrible film. I guess that if you like the old Dark Shadows series),-0.5
(,"I can't believe the high marks people have given this film on this site. The writing is incredibly bad with people coming in at just the right time and revealing exactly what the heroine is doing to try to escape. (Don't you just hate it when that happens?). And the acting is so very),-3.0
(,"I neglected this film when I used to go to the movie store but then the curiosity got to me and I decided to check it out. I loved it!!! The movie starts off with Judy and Jay heading for a Halloween party at the abandoned funeral parlor Hull House. Then we meet a few more characters),-0.5
(,"I purchased the BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few bucks not knowing what it was and all I can say is that I wasn't disappointed with this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of those trashy European horror films that has almost no redeeming quality except for being thoroughly entertaining),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Mae Clarke will always be remembered as the girl whose face James Cagney showed a grapefruit into in the same year's THE PUBLIC ENEMY. She will not be remembered for this weird little story about a a hood's girl who finds that her past will always be with her.<br /><br />In some ways),-2.0
(,"Oh dear! What can I say about Half Past Dead? I was really disappointed in it. I was thinking....A Steven Seagal movie! Cool! We'll get to see him kick people and flip people and break bones. We might even get to see him have a stick fight with somebody! Excellent!<br /><br />However),-1.5
(,"One of the most disgusting films I have ever seen. I wanted to vomit after watching it. I saw this movie in my American History class and the purpose was to see an incite on the life of a farmer in the West during the late 1800's. What we saw were pigs being shot and then slaughtered),-3.0
(,"This was a movie about infidelity and revenge. A twin with the ""twin"" connection senses that something is wrong with her sister. This movie took forever to establish the plot. A plot that has been done many times. The acting was lousy for the most part. Once the plot comes together),-2.0
(,"I watched this film recently for the first time in over 30 years and was very pleasantly surprised. I remembered a film that caught the mood and feel of Britain in the mid 1960s without falling into the 'Swinging Britain' clichés that so many other films thought they had to propagate),-1.0
(,"Kirk and crew land on a lonely planet where the sun is about to explode. They intend to evacuate the inhabitants but find the place deserted except for a Mr. Atoz who operates some sort of high-tech library. Despite trying to get a straight answer from him about everyone's whereabouts),-0.5
(,"Peter Yates film from the pen of Steve Tesich is a relatively low key ""thriller"" that doesn't really manage to get off the ground. Story concerns the mysterious murder of an influential Asian business man and the subsequent implication of a pathetic Vietnam veteran (James Woods) who),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Red dust is both well acted and well made but what the movie is about i think will bore many viewers as it did to me. There was a film that was out earlier called ""in my Country"" with Sam Jackson and it was not that well received and both films were about nearly the same exact thing),-2.0
(,"What a clunker!<br /><br />It MUST have been made for TV or Cable.<br /><br />Look: forget the screenplay - forget the bunch of forgettable actors. Excuse me? Continuity? The NSA/NIA/whatever or whoever he is (an agent) takes-off in an F16 - is shown in an F18 chucking his guts up and),-1.0
(,"Where on earth do I start with the mess that is Darkhunters? Firstly the script is one of the worst to ever find its way onto a cinema or TV screen and can only be described as a poorly judged Stephen King rip-off. At one point the supposedly fearsome darkhunter Jack claims that Carol),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Writer/Director Bart Sibrel bases his work here around a can of film that he says was mistakenly sent to him by NASA. He says it shows the astronauts faking the television footage of their trip to the moon by employing camera tricks. The astronauts were in low Earth orbit all the time),-3.0
(,"Another made for TV piece of junk! This is an insult of a war movie (I use the word movie in it's loosest possible form!) I thought Telly Savalas's career had hit rock bottom when he did the voice over on that visit Birmingham video that's shown on Tarrant on TV on a semi regular basis),-2.0
(,"Dwight Frye steals the show in this one as a foolish young man(who seems to be mentally handicapped) who gets himself blamed for vampire-like murders especially after he reveals his love for bats which he likes to stroke and give to unsuspecting friends as 'gifts'!. Besides all of that),-0.5
(,"I have seen over 1000 movies and this one stands out as one of the worst movies that I have ever seen. It is a shame that they had to associate this garbage to The Angels 1963 song ""My Boyfriend's Back."" If you have to make a choice between watching this movie and painful dental work),-2.5
(,"I was expecting a lot more of this film than what I actually got. The acting was just awful from everyone and the story was far from impressive. It took a lot of something I don't to even follow what was going because it was so jumpy. An example of the acting is when Paxton's character),-3.0
(,"Now i have read some negative reviews for this show on this website and quite frankly I'm appalled. For anyone to even think that the Sopranos is not Television then i'm afraid i don't know what the world has come to. Let me tell u something. I started watching many T.V shows like Lost),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Overall I would have to say that I liked the movie. Some of the fight scenes are really good. Especially the fight against Leung Ka-Yan. One point that really bothered me was the fact that they used an Asian to play a black man. I mean really. Talk about bad taste. During a fight scene),-1.0
(,"Same old same old about Che. It completely ignored the really interesting facts of Che's true character. Sodeberg redid the same boring narrative of Che. The silly seductive tale of an Argentinean rich-boy who was so shocked by poverty he became a Robin Hood fighting alongside the poor),-0.875
(,"Talk about being boring!<br /><br />I got this expecting a fascinating insight into the life of the man who wrote the mythical Night on the Galactic Railroad. I expected to see crazy stories and hijinks of an eccentric man and to discover his inspirations for such bizarre material. Boy),-0.3333333333333333
(,"The premise of this movie has been tickling my imagination for quite some time now. We've all heard or read about it in some kind of con-text. What would you do if you were all alone in the world? What would you do if the entire world suddenly disappeared in front of your eyes? In fact),-0.3333333333333333
(,"my wife is a fanatic as regards this show. That being the case I bought her seasons one through three and season four is on order. I personally think the show is one big farce the cast is equally bad. Alyssa Milano should have stuck to the other trash movies she made such as Poison Ivy),-0.6666666666666666
(,"this show is one of the worst shows of ALL TIME! absolutely no original jokes and they're always a year late. like in 2009 they will finally say something about Michael Vick's dogfights. all of the cast members are people who wanted to be on S.N.L but had to go to the lowest of the low),-0.2
(,"First some background; I am English and have lived in London all my life. I have been to many games at 'The Den' and most other London club grounds. I am familiar with the type of person who gets into hooliganism and I know just how they act and how they speak. Have to say this is a bad),-2.5
(,"I found the pace to be glacial and the original story blown way out of proportion to the content. My wife slept through most of it and I did not try to wake her because I felt she was not missing anything.<br /><br />When Holmes and Watson enter the house and then are potentially caught),-2.0
(,"I haven't reviewed on IMDb before but this documentary is so overrated that I felt compelled to vent. I wouldn't have even finished watching if I hadn't been a guest at someone's house. The film was poor on many levels: First - Treadwell's video footage was contrived. The more I watched),-0.5
(,"I wasted 5 dollars renting this complete piece of crap. Dr. Zack is the most unlovable lead character i have ever seen. The movie was full of EVERY cliche you could ever think of and contained not a single OUNCE of originality. There was the typical sexism portrayed by rugged foreigners),-2.0
(,"I would of enjoyed this film but Van Damme just does the same old same old rubbish time after time. Poo knickers fight scenes as per usually. The only thing this loser left out was the Russians normally end up being killed in the end. This film is utter doggy do do of the highest nature),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Jerry spies Tom listening to a creepy story on the radio and seizes the opportunity to scare his nemesis.<br /><br />I didn't find this particular episode that funny: the humour seemed rather constrained and the whole set up was kinda lame (Jerry is essentially the 'bad guy' in this one),-0.4
(,"My reaction to this remake of ""The Italian Job"" is probably hopelessly mixed up with the events occurring in my life when I saw it; This is the first movie I saw after I had just landed a job after 8 months of unemployment and going back to school for retraining. Money was still tight),-2.0
(,"Poorly written conspiracy drama/mystery about the possibility that AIDS was introduced to the public by the government. Wlaschiha plays a gay researcher looking for answers--that within this foggy plot would be hard for anyone to find. Despite the cinematography itself being commendable),-2.0
(,"THE BRAIN THAT WOULDN'T DIE was considered so distasteful in 1959 that several cuts and the passage of three years was required before it was released in 1962. Today it is difficult to imagine how anyone could have taken the thing seriously even in 1959; the thing is both lurid and lewd),-1.0
(,"The initiation to the local sport team involves taking the newbies out to the corn fields and guess what? There is a scarecrow murdering people there. Only one of the newbies survive but falls into a coma due to diabetes. Meanwhile the scarecrow starts to kill all of the involved people),-3.0
(,"Things get dull early an often in this in this mawkish jazz bio fiction written and directed by Spike Lee.<br /><br />Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is a happenin' jazz trumpeter that fronts a quintet packing them in at Below the Underdog. His problems include an incompetent manager),-2.0
(,"This movie is one of those I regret having invested 90 minutes of my life that I'll never get back in. The premise is really interesting - essentially it's a zombie flick from the perspective of the undead (let's not split hairs as to whether they're actually dead or not}. Unfortunately),-1.0
(,"What a poor image of Professional Police Officers is displayed on the Television in the watching of this alleged Reality show. One can only hope that the actual reasonable suspicion that leads to probable cause that leads to the totality of the circumstances involved to make a ""stop"" ),-0.3333333333333333
(,"A talented high school graduating senior with a bad attitude is forced to play in the state all-star high school football game. When he meets and falls for an attractive local girl she helps him realize he has a shot at a 'full ride' scholarship if he plays well.<br /><br />All too often),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Frailty is a non-gory horror film that achieves its chills by following the logic and impact of a man's delusion/obsession straight into depravity. Dad (we never learn his name) is a gentle man and loving father who's raising his sons alone after Mom died giving birth to the youngest son),-0.5
(,"I tried restarting the movie twice. I put it in three machines to see what was wrong. Did Steven Seagal's voice change? Did he die during filming and the studio have to dub the sound with someone who doesn't even resemble him? Or was the sound on the DVD destroyed? After about 10 minutes),-3.0
(,"I watched this film early 70's.It is the best film I have ever watched And I will never forget it as long as I live. I hate wars. I hate wars. I hate wars. I wonder why we humans still let wars happen. Do you? Do you know why all these wars go on and on and on? innocent people get killed),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I'll dispense with the obvious review of factual inaccuracies. They are too numerous to name. A much shorter list would be what they got right. 1. Dude named Noah. 2. Ark with animals on it. <br /><br />If you want a much more accurate portrayal of Noah's Ark and the destruction of Sodom),-1.0
(,"I'm not surprised that this film did well at the Hamptons Film Festival. It is a shallow film that would appeal well to shallow people. Two actors pretending to be actors in a relationship who fight and look for a lost dog. The film is allegedly exploring the dynamics of the relationship),-1.6666666666666667
(,"It must be a long time ago that I have seen such a bad movie. I have to say it is really hard to make a good and/or realistic movie about air disaster but this movie was such a waste of time and money. Also I think this is an unofficial way trying to get a bad reputation on Airbus. First),-1.1666666666666667
(,"Manhattan apartment dwellers have to put up with all kinds of inconveniences. The worst one is the lack of closet space! Some people who eat out all the time use their ranges and dishwashers as storage places because the closets are already full!<br /><br />Melvin Frank and Norman Panama),-2.5
(,"The French film ""Extension Du Domaine De La Lutte"" directed by iconoclast film maker Philippe Harel is based on the book of the same name written by a controversial writer Michel Houellebecq.He has also worked on this film's scenario.According to British cinema magazine Sight and Sound),-2.0
(,"The Japanese have always had incredible ambitions in their fantasy movies. They have always been ready to destroy cities by huge plastic monsters coming from outer space and elsewhere. The problem is they have never had the money to succeed in making convincing special effects. This film),-1.3333333333333333
(,"The film starts well enough. It is a truly terrifying scene as a couple of fugitives on the run from the law tear apart an innocent family living in a secluded country cottage by killing the mother and father. The young daughter only manages to escape with the aid of a mysterious spectre),-2.0
(,"This is about as stupid as it gets.<br /><br />A classic case of two-dimensional characters who always act exactly contrary as to what a sane person would do in the same situation. It reminds me of a scene in ""Scary Movie"" where Carmen Electra flees from the killer. There are two signs),-1.5
(,"This movie is just plain bad. It isn't even worth watching to make fun of it. The lunatic professor is just plain annoying. Even suspending disbelief to allow for invisibility (which I glady do for the sake of good bad movies) and allowing for exceedingly stupid victims in a horror movie),-0.125
(,"Watching this film today I got the feeling this thing was missing about 10 to 15 minutes or so from the beginning of the story. John Wayne rides up on this trading post/saloon out in the middle of nowhere to meet with the owner about some robberies. All he sees is the signs of a massacre),-0.5
(,"What?!?? Why are people saying this is ""mind blowing?"" Just face it the ending is on of the worst endings in the history of cinematography! 4 left and the whole world has ended! Not to mention the character 9 was a idiot the whole time he got everyone killed. 1 was right the whole time),-3.0
(,"""Dope Sick Love"" is a really remarkable documentary made for HBO about two pairs of heroin addicted lovers roaming the streets of NYC. I managed to catch it one night by accident and found it absolutely mesmerizing. There is no narration and we never see any interviews with the subjects),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Distasteful British film from a Japanese novel about a very troubled young man who comes under the influence of a Hitler-like classmate and plots to harm his widowed mother's lover. A couple of good scenes (Sarah Miles discovering her son has been peeping at her and confronts him in anger),-0.5
(,"Here is a fantastic concept for a film - a series of meteors crash into a small town and the resulting alien infection is caught on a deputy's single camera dash cam as the town slowly taken over. Leave it to Albert Pyun to screw that up! Don't get within 100 feet of this flick! Holy crap),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I saw the 10p.m. showing and I must say that this movie was nothing special. Although I did not leave the theater wanting my time back (as I don't actually pay for movies anymore) I didn't really find any redeeming qualities.<br /><br />There were a few lines and such that made me chuckle),-1.0
(,"I still don't know why I forced myself to sit through the whole thing. This ""film"" wasn't worth the Memorex DVD-R it was burned on; I thought I was watching the end result of a group of middle schoolers stealing their parents' camcorder. This is by far the worst movie ever made. I truly),-0.6666666666666666
(,"If they had a Zero out of 10 I would of entered it. Everyone involved in this film should be ashamed of themselves taking money from the public. I don't know how films like this get released Video or Pay Channel. I am disappointed in Vincent Gallo. Val Kilmer was in it for about 8 minutes),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This film's premise is so simple and obvious that only a Texas millionaire high on oil fumes and whiskey would have a problem understanding it if someone shouted it across the proverbial parking lot. In summary: the oil business is in cahoots with The Government (or Gummint if you prefer)),-2.0
(,"This movie is so bad it's worth seeing. This movie will have viewers lapsing in and out of a coma within the first 10 minutes. It all started when a bunch of writers came up with the idea of a jetliner being hijacked and a passenger who can fly a small plane has to land the beast. However),-0.5
(,"This was another great episode from season 11 of South Park. <br /><br />Cartman fakes having Tourette syndrome in order to be able to say whatever he wants without getting in trouble. He is able to swear at the other kids at school. Kyle tells the Principal that Cartman is faking it. But),-1.25
(,"Why did I waste 1.5 hours of my life watching this? Why was this film even made? Why am I even commenting on this film?<br /><br />One reviewer said this film took patience to watch and it was n't for everybody. I cannot figure out who this movie is for. maybe after dropping a hit of acid),-1.0
(,"especially when looking at the amount of crap that has made it to DVD. I found this movie very funny. Rip Torn is classic with his barbs; Rob Schneider if hilariously annoying as the over-compensating Ensign; Bruce Dern makes a great ""villain"". The entire cast seems to be having a blast),-0.6666666666666666
(,"'Don't Look In the Basement' is so easy to knock but the truth is simply that Brownrigg is one of Horrors real underground stars and IMHO is vastly overdue some proper recognition. 'Don't' is his undisputed masterpiece. This scummy psychodrama snags the viewer straightaway into such an odd),-0.5
(,"I bellied up to the bar expecting this to be a hot beer on a sweltering Texas day but was pleasantly surprised. After suffering through ""Saturday Night Foolishness"" I had no desire to see a re-make in some south Texas barnyard....and I didn't. John Revolta was good as the jealous redneck),-0.2
(,"I first saw this movie when it originally came out. I was about 9 yrs. old and found this movie both highly entertaining and very frightening and unlike any other movie I had seen up until that time.<br /><br />BASIC PLOT: An expedition is sent out from Earth to the fourth planet of Altair),-0.5
(,"I originally saw this several years ago while I was sitting on the couch and got stuck watching it on HBO. With the remote out of my reach I decided to go with it and was awaiting a miserable movie that I had been avoiding for a year. So it started off and I wasn't very optimistic about it),-0.5
(,"I think that can sum up this show about as well as anything. Batman TAS may be the worst thing to ever happen to cartoons based on comic books because everything that comes after will be compared to it and nothing has measured up yet. It's just too damn good. Was Batman Beyond good? ""Yeah),-3.5
(,"I've seen this movie more than once. It was on par with a lot of the spooky stuff that was being shown in television movies back then. The only problem I had was with the title for the obvious reasons... One immediately thinks of the famous snack cake by Drake's! Leaving off the first part),-2.0
(,"It's a Time Machine all right. It runs in ""real time"" for 96 minutes but it felt like 96 years. The first 20 minutes were utterly superfluous. Massive amounts of ""dead"" time throughout. What happened? When will something happen? Who cares? Apparently the film was made on a tight budget),-0.5
(,"My roommate and I have another friend that works at a local Blockbuster Video. He finds truly awful movies for us and tells us about them. One of them was a ""Christmas Horror"" film starring former professional wrestler Bill Goldberg as a killer Satna Claus. We didn't watch it immediately),-3.0
(,"am a hardcore horror/thriller fan...when i was searchin for good horror flick to scare me on my weekend night..grabbed HATCHET..with impressing BLOOD STAINED HATCHET movie poster added to average ratings in IMDb..but i was wrong after watchin this crap...no characterisation..sick dialogues),-0.3333333333333333
(,"A good cast is appallingly wasted in this slower than molasses and haphazardly connived comedy. Peter Ustinov tries hard here to bring something to life but the result is a dour bore that misses all the right beats that might have made it watchable. Regardless of the favorable comments here),-0.5
(,"For a while it seemed like this show was on 24/7. Then apparently there was a second season or some other kind of continuation of this horrible show about the two most vapid and conceited people who have ever been filmed. All the other comments have captured the essence of these two selfish),-0.5
(,"I just watched this movie on Showtime. Quite by accident actually. If I wouldn't have only had 6 hrs of sleep for the past two days then I wouldn't have came home early from work. If I hadn't came home early from work I wouldn't have seen this movie. I wouldn't have known what I was missing),-2.0
(,"I saw it tonight and fell asleep in the movie.<br /><br />That is something that I have not done since - I have never fallen asleep at the movies.<br /><br />I LOVE the original and have seen it several times and recommend it to everyone. This may have been the problem but I do not think so),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I tried to like this movie. I love Kevin Spacey and I knew the other guy from his role as ""Big Brain on"" Brad in Pulp Fiction. But I just didn't care about the characters at all. Kevin Spacey is a prick through the whole movie and even finding out some horrible things that happened to him),-0.2
(,"I was drawn to ""Friends"" by the soundtrack scored by a very young and yet to be famous Elton John whom I had see in a club in nearby Houston. I had no idea of the emotions and impact the movie would make. Recently I was brought back to the movie by a song that Heart did called ""Seasons""),-1.0
(,"This is a low budget Roger Corman horror/creature flick. A DinoCroc is created when manipulation of prehistoric genes runs amok. An engineered croc first kills one of its own then gets the taste of human and becomes a fast growing terror after escaping. None of the characters have any depth),-1.5
(,"Users who have rated this movie so highly simply can't have seen enough good films to compare it with. Have they all been brainwashed?? I have rarely felt so disappointed by a film and some of that must be attributable to the ridiculous hype surrounding this movie.<br /><br />From the first),-0.6666666666666666
(,"What does this movie have? Lots of gunfire and expensive effects. Nothing makes sense on any other level.<br /><br />Watching Arnold cry is seeing acting so bad that it is laughable. The plot is ludicrous.<br /><br />If you think the Devil will be impressed by a bad actor with a machine gun),-1.0
(,"that's incredible! Fidani (who he was also a spiritist) was one of the cheapest director of all the world. This movie stole the original title of Leone's ""Duck you sucker!"" but tell the boring story of a Pinkerton agent against the killer ""Testa di Ferro"" (the improbable Gordon Mitchell),-3.0
(,"A lot of death happens in the wild. You don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out! But does it need to be the focus of a nature documentary? What is with this fascination with gruesome death? Do we really have to see an adult elephant torn to shreds by a pack of hungry lions? Or),-2.0
(,"Born Again the Limerick: <br /><br />If a man could come back from the dead <br /><br />And live in a little girl's head <br /><br />Revenge he would get <br /><br />For the murder he met<br /><br />By the guy that's now in his wife's bed.<br /><br />For me Born Again is a highly under-rated),-2.5
(,"Can't say this wasn't made well. At a recent film festival the director admitted some scenes took 30 takes. And there isn't the slightest indication he didn't get exactly what he wanted. But this is an oddly non-Hispanic film in the same way West Side Story was many years ago. Both the leads),-1.0
(,"For that matter one of the worst FILMS ever made. Plot goes as follows. Slog through jungle looking areas for 10 minutes or so. Have Bo go somewhere and strip. Slog through the jungle some more. Give Bo another excuse to strip. Back to the jungle. Oh look! There's a Tarzan looking guy! Strip),-1.0
(,"I can honestly say that ""Death Bed: The Bed That Eats"" was a much better movie than I expected. Allow me to clarify the plot in case the title of the film is a little too vague - there is a bed that eats. An evil bed. It eats people. Several unsuspecting women on an ""outing"" of some kind),-0.25
(,"I don't understand what is hard hitting about this movie! I don't understand why high school kids should watch this! I don't understand why this should have made me think about anything in the slightest!<br /><br />*Spoiler*<br /><br />When the un-noticed girl is on her way to commit suicide),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I'm a Belgian and grew up in the sixties. Most of the US series were shown over here (original language with subtitles) and Batman was one of the first I was keen on. Unfortunately over here it caused a ""panic hysteria"" amongst the mothers because Batman was considered as too violent. Geez),-1.6666666666666667
(,"There is a really good movie lurking just beneath the surface of the layers upon layers of cheese that is ""the Pagemaster"".<br /><br />I found this out when I watched this again this morning after neglecting it for years and years. I remember hating it with a passion when it first came out),-0.75
(,"This movie forever left an impression on me. I watched it as a Freshman in High School and was home alone that night. I think I lost all respect for Robert Reed as an actor having been a huge fan of the ""Brady Bunch"". I also thought the role of Chuck Connor was horrendous and evil. However),-0.8
(,"This movie is one of the worse movies of all time. I'm kind of upset this movie isn't on the bottom 100; it deserves a spot at least number 60 or 70 on that list. This isn't just a film I think is bad in a campy-fun sort of MST3K way; it's just bad. This is one of the few films that I really),-1.5
(,"To say I wasn't expecting much sitting down to watch ""The Couch Trip"" is an understatement. I had no idea what it was about - I thought it was going to be a journey into the realm of sexuality when I heard Chevy Chase played a condom man and the movie's title involves the word ""couch trip),-1.0
(,"WWF Survivor Series 2001<br /><br />This was among the worst events of 2001. Perhaps its biggest flaw was the fact that it didn't follow suit to most of the previous Survivor Series'. There was only ONE survivor series match. And that Survivor Series match went on for 45 minutes. What's more),-0.5
(,"What an uninteresting hodge-podge. It could have been something more but no imagination seems to have gone into the script or the direction. A man is framed for murder by his wife and her lover. The conspirators do a pretty thorough job of making him look guilty. But the man (Richard Thomas)),-0.6666666666666666
(,"When people say children are annoying u think ya my little cousins can be annoying and i said LITTLE. These children are turning 10 and they are without a doubt the most annoying bratty children you will ever encounter (in a film). Lets start with the blonde - Debbie - She's a slut of a girl),-2.4
(,"I first watched Kindred in 1987 along with another movie called devouring waves. I remember back then i hated them both and i have never really bothered to watch them again.<br /><br />However i have recently started a crusade to collect as many 80's horror titles in their original boxed form),-2.5
(,"I went in to see D-War on a whim and with very low expectations. The movie failed to meet them.<br /><br />I don't mind stories that stretch credulity - remember Reign of Fire? - but I do expect them to be internally consistent. This film leapt from howler to howler without pausing for breath),-2.0
(,"Is it just me or the fact that the evil racing team is Japanese and that their arrogant star racer is German seem a little over the top? Maybe that is how it is on the international racing circuit but if all America had representing them are chumps like Cody and his mechanic Chris (Peter Berg),-1.0
(,"It's here. finally a movie comes out that I can honestly say is worse than Larry the cable guy: health inspector. Yet I'm willing to bet the the wayan's brothers(hilarious) will make more money than I ever make in my whole life on what is sure to be one of the top five worst films of all time),-0.5
(,"Nine out of ten might seem like a high mark to give for a straight to video sci-fi movie that's been vilified at the US box office and roundly criticized as the poorest movie of Kurt Russell's career.<br /><br />I have my reasons.<br /><br />Firstly when you read negative reviews of this film),-0.6
(,"The girls might be prettier if you're their accompanist or a $#!+-faced onlooker. What I'm sayin' is that it'll take special circumstances for a non-whince reaction to this effort. The delivery of many lines appears to be distractingly unnatural for some actors. Lighting seems to be a problem),-2.0
(,"There were good performances by Robin Williams and others but the movie was dull overall and very disappointing compared to the positive reviews.<br /><br />I thought Sy might become a serial killer who bores people to death: a forlorn guy in ugly clothes trails his victims around food courts),-0.8333333333333334
(,"This movie has many problem associated with it that makes it come off like a low budget class project from someone in film school. I have to give it credit on its campiness though. Many times throughout the movie I found myself laughing hysterically. It was so bad at times that it was comical),-0.5
(,"This movie is Great! It touched my stone cold heart. I couldn't relate about the racial discrimination that Antwone has experienced because I'm living in my own country. I guess it is really hard to be discriminated.<br /><br />We watched this film in our sociology class in New Era University),-1.0
(,"This must be the most boring film I ever saw. The only positive I can say about it is that thankfully I didn't pay to see it. We were given a free showing in school and everyone in the audience just sat there embarrassed wondering when the fun would start. This piece of junk is a badly filmed),-0.2857142857142857
(,"This really doesn't do the blues justice. It starts out badly with images from the voyager probe and Blind Willie McTell (or was it Blind Lemon Jefferson? Someone blind anyway) apparently narrating from outer space (?) and telling us the life stories of various blues musicians. Corny as it is),-2.0
(,"When Jean seduces the young gardener for the sole purpose of annoying her husband little does she realise the explosive drama that is to follow.<br /><br />The short scenario does not waste a word or a frame in this brief interlude in the day of a dysfunctional family. The lives of the father),-1.5
(,"this movie is the worst EVER!!! sorry but this was a total waste of good hours. quasi-psychology and b-actors makes a baaaad horror movie. you can say that if you are into bad movies you will adore this one. and the ""hot chick"" wasn't all that hot. there is absolutely no climax to the movie),-0.42857142857142855
(,"Contains Spoilers<br /><br />But if you weren't dropped on the head as a child and then used as a football then you'll agree with me that this is one of the worst and yet hilarious series ever made. Centreing round a woman who as a young girl was beaten by her father who also killed her mother),-1.0
(,"First this movie was not that bad.It was entertaining...at least to me for probably all the wrong reasons. I have never seen the original so can't compare the two.<br /><br />This movie reminded me of that weird Christopher Reeve movie Village of the Damned. THe two movies have different plots),-2.0
(,"Having to have someone hold your hand whenever walk up or down stairs? Having others taste your food before you eat it? Facing an over-bearing mother? These are only a few of the obstacles which the young Victoria has to deal with in this film (there's also the various power struggles going on),-2.0
(,"I caught this little gem totally by accident back in 1980 or '81. I was at a revival theatre to see two old silly sci-fi movies. The theatre was packed full and (with no warning) they showed a bunch of sci-fi short spoofs (to get us in the mood). Most were somewhat amusing but THIS came on and),-1.75
(,"I just recently watched Ed Wood Jr.'s autobiographical movie Glen or Glenda for the first time after having heard so much about it for so many years. Nothing I had read or heard about this film could prepare me for what I saw. This has to be the most bizarre movie ever made. Stampeding buffalo),-2.0
(,"I will never go to another Tarantino movie again. The entire film was worthless. My wife and I both regret that we didn't get up and walk out at the first indication of what the film was really going to be about (which is still hard to determine since it was such a ridiculous storyline...blood),-2.0
(,"I'm sorry to say that this movies was one of the biggest disappointments of the year. Following one of the biggest disappointments in movie monster match up history you would think that they would learn from the mistakes of the previous incarnation. The sequel falls into many of the same traps),-1.75
(,"Most Christmas movies have a ""redemption"" theme but most are a variation on a very similar plot. This movie is wacky and has an unusual plot. You may need to hang in there for the first half where events may seem hard to believe for a movie (but not as unbelievable as real life - Scott Adams),-1.0
(,"Much of the commentary on this board revolves around debating the validity of some comparison to R DOGS made on the DVD cover. Forget about all of that... This film-- er-- home movie is utterly horrendous. How can anyone with a shred of credibility claim this as being 10/10??? There is no plot),-1.0
(,"Now this is a movie I really dislike. It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere. The settings are not even attractive for the eye and do not serve for the movie's purpose. <br /><br />The puppets look really cheesy ),-3.0
(,"Nurse Charlotte Beale(the lovely Rosie Holotik)has arrived to Dr. Stephens' clinic for the insane prepared for a new job. What she doesn't expect is to find another supposed doctor in his position after Stephens is attacked by axe-wielding maniacal ""judge"" Oliver W Cameron(..in a running gag),-0.2
(,"One of Starevich's earliest films made in France is possibly his only political satire. The story of The Frogs Who Wanted A King mirrors its title as a group of high ""croakers"" feel that democracy has gone flat so they demand a king from Jupiter to rule their land. When he sends down a stump),-1.0
(,"Since was only a toddler when this show originally aired I just recently picked up the DVD set and am wishing there were more episodes filmed. This show was a 70s version of the poplular 90's TV series ""X-Files""- but with a bit more of a comedic/light hearted approach. But don't get me wrong),-0.5
(,"The first word i can find to describe this movie is Awful.<br /><br />This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. First of all is the plot a very thin plot (Wont comment further on this part) and a plot which a lot of movies from this genre is following. This makes the movie so bad),-3.0
(,"The movie starts out a bit interested with the son interested in a teenage girl his own age. Clayburgh's timid-appearing husband is killed in car crash as she is getting ready to go to Rome and sing as a diva. Matthew objects but comes along. He connects with the young girl again but this time),-0.25
(,"There seems to be only two types of reviews of this film on the net. Those who hate it and curse Ralph Bakshis name and those love it and call it work of genious. I'm inclined to be in the middle. I'am forced to agree with most of the criticisms of this film (e.g.the cruel cutting of the story),-0.7142857142857143
(,"Wow! I remember so many awful films that loosely revolved around high school from the early 1980s. They usually had someincredibly strained plot and lots of 27 year old actors pretending to be students. As I watched this film I felt a little of the nostalgia of growing up in the 1980s. However),-1.0
(,"You talking' to Me? (1987) is a pretty bad movie starring some dude who I have never seen before or since starring as a guy from the neighborhood who tries to become an actor. He has a heavy jones for Taxi Driver as tries to use that shtick to make it big. When he learns the hard facts of life),-1.0
(,"A sequel to (actually a remake of) Disney's 1996 live-action remake of 101 Dalmations. Cruella deVil (Glenn Close) is released from prison after being ""cured"" of her obsession with fur by a psychologist named Dr. Pavlov (ugh!). But the ""cure"" is broken when Cruella hears the toll of Big Ben),-1.5
(,"Central Airport is the story of a pilot named Jim (Richard Barthelmess) who has one bad flight in over 4000 hours and is forced to give up commercial flying. He meets a beautiful girl named Jill (Sally Eilers) and the two start up an act involving flying and stunts. The two start a relationship),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Ho-hum. An inventor's(Horst Buchholz)deadly biological weapon is in danger of falling into the wrong hands. Unknowingly his son(Luke Perry)has been working on the antedote all along. Enter CIA agent Olivia d'Abo and the cat-and-mouse car chases and gunfire begins. Also in the cast are:Tom Conti),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I must I was a little skeptical when I entered the cinema to watch OSS117 : french comedies tend to be so self-satisfied nowadays that only the most stupid ones score high at the national box-office. But I was surprised that though the humor does not always reach the level of the Monthy Pythons),-0.25
(,"I saw this 25 years ago on PBS. It was very difficult to watch. So real. To watch this small family struggle in the winter was heart rending. No time for courting: fate has thrown us together and we put our shoulders to the grindstone and make it work. This was based on the woman's actual diary),-1.5
(,"I saw this film at a time when I was timidly toying with the idea of moving into my own apartment and starting life on my own. Maybe that is the reason why I took it so seriously. I believed totally in the poor character's psychological degradation inside a Paris of perpetual construction sites),-2.0
(,"JUDAAI was a bold film by Raj Kanwar at it's time In 1997 when such a topic was damn out of the box<br /><br />To give him his credit he does succeed in showing how greed changes a person and to what extent the person can go to get what she wants<br /><br />The film however is damn melodramatic),-2.25
(,"My giving this a score of 3 is NOT what I would give the original Soviet version of this film. It seems that American-International (a studio that specialized in ultra-low-budget fare in the 60s) bought this film and utterly destroyed it--slicing a two hour plus film into a 64 minute film! Plus),-3.0
(,"Saying a film is depressing isn't necessarily a bad thing. I'm very willing to watch a depressing film if there is a point to be made and this one certainly has one. It's the often heartbreaking story of a Chinese man and his family as they experience many years of both hardship and plenty. BUT),-2.4
(,"Subspecies is set in Romania where two American college students Michele (Laura Mae Tate) & Lillian (Michelle McBride) arrive to study local folklore with the aid of local friend Mara (Irina Movila). There they rent rooms in a hotel & become curious about the mysterious ruins of a nearby castle),-0.5
(,"The director of this waste of celluloid specialises in dreadful exploitation films where pretension is all; the previous year he did ""Dangerously Close"" whose good idea (about gangs getting too much power in school and the school paper editor against them) was submerged in a sea of sloppiness),-0.3333333333333333
(,"The most misogynistic movie of all time? Not to mention by '68 shouldn't they have moved beyond white people in brown face playing the ""Indians""? My favorite parts though have to be when the girls giggle and blush as the bikers drag them off to gang rape them. Rape is fun! Who knew? Let's see),-1.0
(,"This 1996 movie was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre that I ever watched and when I did so I was appalled by it. So much of the novel had been left out and I considered William Hurt to be terribly miscast as Rochester. Since then I have watched all the other noteworthy adaptations of the novel),-0.25
(,"This movie barely followed the story line of the movie. All of the fascinating points in the book didn't even exist in the movie. They ended up turning it into a cheesy ""tween"" Disney movie ""crush"" story between Meg and Calvin. It was so bad it should have been Hillary Duff playing the part),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Would anyone really watch this RUBBISH if it didn't contain little children running around nude? From a cinematic point of view it is probably one of the worst films I have encountered absolutely dire. Some perv woke up one day and thought I will make a film with little girls in and call it art),-3.0
(,"i usually don't write reviews but i can't understand why this is rated so high and wanted to give a warning to horror lovers since i can only assume that all those high ratings were given by average TV watchers.<br /><br />i have only watched the first two episodes but those two were so cliché),-3.0
(,"...this would have been what you got.<br /><br />Words alone cannot describe how bad this is. If you're having trouble sleeping pop this in and I guarantee you'll be out in fifteen minutes.<br /><br />Robert Lowery was a pretty good actor in the 40s-- but he's phoning it in here. In an interview),-0.3333333333333333
(,"From 2002 on Dutch cinema finally got better again. This movie is still part- and a schoolbook example of the bad period of Dutch cinema.<br /><br />The story is needlessly told in flashback style. All of the 'present' sequences set in France are completely redundant and add nothing to the story),-0.5
(,"I don't know why the critics trashed this movie. I hardly ever agree with them anyway.<br /><br />The movie could have been a little scarier - I don't usually go to Horror movies! I even had to psych myself up to see it in the daytime. I needn't have bothered! ;) (The Cinema was full of kids too),-0.5
(,"I have read the whole 'A wrinkle in time' book and then saw the movie. The movie contained all the elements in the book but since the book was 190 pages and the film was 2 hours it felt really crammed in with too many effects and bad acting.<br /><br />A wrinkle in time is about a girl named Meg),-3.0
(,"I was very interested in seeing this movie despite the article I read about the director in Tattler Magazine. I don't judge movies by what the director may or may not have done. This debut feature was very difficult to watch. I found the split screens to be a distraction to the drama in the film),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I've recently went back and watched this movie again from not seeing it in years. When I first seen the movie I was too young to understand what the movie was about. Now that I've seen it again I couldn't believe what I've missed all these years. For me being able to see movies for what they are),-2.0
(,"R O B O T J O X.<br /><br />Burn the master.<br /><br />Grotesquely horrible.<br /><br />No ending; no closure.<br /><br />Completely and utterly the worst movie ever made.<br /><br />Replaces ""The Adventures of Pluto Nash"" as the worst movie of all time.<br /><br />I hate this utterly unacted),-2.5
(,"The BBC'S Blue Planet is simply jaw-dropping. I don't think I'm exaggerating when I say it contains some of the most beautiful sequences ever captured on film. From familiar creatures on and near the surface of the ocean to some more unrecognisable and just plain bizarre ones in the murky depths),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This is one of those movies the critics really missed the mark on. This movie is practically McHale's Navy for the 90s or Police Academy at sea. Grammer proves he can play roles other than Frasier as he outwits and outfoxes the Navy in order to get his own sub. Rob Schneider is as wormy as usual),-2.0
(,"What do you do with all the material that does not make the final edit of a film? You might keep it aside in case a director's cut or extended version is released one day. You might sell some it as stock footage to be used in a part of another film. You might just bin it. Or you might collect it),-1.0
(,"Wow! It's hard to put into words my feelings for this episode. Ice is one of the best episodes of season one for sure. It's my favorite of the season. Six people and a dog in a claustrophobic structure isolated in the middle of the arctic with an unknown organism that causes murderous aggression),-0.3333333333333333
(,"An odd beam of light penetrates the bedroom of Dr. Craig Burton(Arnold Vosloo)and his wife Sherry(Jillian McWhirter)as they are making love. About two hours are unaccounted for as they embrace seemingly unharmed. Under hypnosis during a session with psychiatrist Dr. Susan Lamarche(Lindsay Crouse)),-0.5
(,"Being a science fiction fan from my early childhood (long time since) I always hated implausible plots. It's a pity that most authors of science fiction stories for children do not show this kind of respect for their audience. I always suspected them of thinking: ""children are to dumb to realise),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this ""film"". I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q. points for each passing second. I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on. IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful),-1.75
(,"I didn't like this movie for so many reasons I can't even say then all.I thought it was poorly made just because of the whole story line. I mean who is gonna believe that they captured the chupacabra and it broke loose on a cruise liner. LAME!!! It was all right for a lame straight to video movie),-0.6
(,"I must say that during my childhood I'm quite proud of a lot of the movies I've rented. The exception being Theodore Rex. Talk about the all time swindler movie in any actor's resume. Could you just imagine what Whoopie's fired agent must have told her to sign on to this piece of crap ""Hey Whoop),-1.0
(,"I was shocked by the ridiculously unbelievable plot of Tigerland. It was a liberal's fantasy of how the military should be. The dialogue was difficult to swallow along with the silly things Colin Farrell's character was allowed to get away with by his superior officers.<br /><br />I kept thinking),-0.6
(,"Strangler of the Swamp was made by low budget studio PRC and is certainly one of their best movies I've seen.<br /><br />A man who was hanged for a murder he didn't commit returns as a ghost for revenge on the people who accused him. He uses a rope to strangle his victims and after several deaths),-0.8571428571428571
(,"Absolutely the worst experience I have ever been through. I think my eyes started bleeding. I actually got sick the night after watching this. I don't even consider this a movie. Movies are supposed to be worthwhile and entertaining. This fails horribly. I could not make it through the entire film),-2.3333333333333335
(,"My Wife and I saw this movie once in 1989 and enjoyed it so much We wanted to see it again. It was so moving that I was calling it a tear jerker. The mystery that Billings was sent to report on is really no mystery at all. Angles!! It seems that ever time He turned around something happened to him),-1.0
(,"Really for a short film that looks high budget this is just a candy coated piece of cr*p. It tries so hard to be hollywood. But even hollywood stories have an okay story (sometimes). Money wasted on an effort to be hollywood. Waste of almost a half hour of any viewers time. For the short film buff),-1.5
(,"SPOILERS AHEAD<br /><br />This is one of the worst movies ever made - it's that simple. There is not one redeeming quality about this movie. The first 10 minutes are quite tricky - they actually lead you to believe that this film will be shocking and will have you on the edge of your seat. Instead),-2.5
(,"THE AFFAIR is a very bad TV movie from the 1970s starring the then-husband-wife team of Robert Wagner and Natalie Wood as hesitant lovers. She has polio and leads a reclusive existence as a pop song writer. He's an ambitious lawyer who is very outgoing and absolutely smitten with her. Their affair),-1.0
(,"This is one of my favorites. Betty White and Leslie Neilson sparkle in this romantic comedy. One is a business executive who re-evaluates life based on the expectation of her death within a year. The other is a playboy who has tired of gold-digging young women and seeks a relationship with a vital),-0.3333333333333333
(,"""Wired"" would have to rate as one of the ten worst films I have ever seen. The writing and direction show a stunning lack of imagination and I'm sure that most of the actors still cringe whenever anyone mentions this film.<br /><br />It fails to work either as a tribute to Belushi's unique talent),-0.75
(,"A romanticised and thoroughly false vision of unemployment from a middle class ""artist"" with a comfortable upbringing... It is clear that the writer-director never suffered unemployment directly and certainly has no personal experience of it. If you had to believe this absolutely ridiculous story),-0.5714285714285714
(,"An old family story told to two young girls by their grandfather is brought to life 16 years later as he foretold.<br /><br />People are getting murdered and blood is being spilled and rats are scampering all over and naked bodies are being enjoyed.<br /><br />Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) is the suspect),-1.0
(,"Committed doom and gloomer Peter Watkins goes slummin' across the pond to take on the American justice system circa 1971 with this priceless piece of zeitgeist paranoia that leans so far left it falls over constantly. Watkins is pure tourist as he assembles this our gang tragedy with cliché freaks),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Directed by the same Jin Ishimoto that put Neoedision and flixer.com (a once promising online film community) temporarily out of business and off the net because of his directorial style and method of filmmaking on his next film GIRL'S BEST FRIEND.<br /><br />THE HOLE suffers from this ""look at me),-2.0
(,"In 1976 a mother named Norma Lewis (Cameron Diaz) lives with her son Walter and her husband Arthur (James Marsden). One night a box is placed on the doorstep of their home and the following morning they cut open the box to reveal a button device that must be opened with a key. By the late afternoon),-1.0
(,"Oh my God... where to begin? ""Chupacabra Terror"" is one of the worst B-Horror movies ever made. This crap makes ""Demon Slayer"" look like ""The Exorcist"". Special note: A Horror B-movie needs to have at least one sex scene. Don't expect even a hot girl in this one. With that inexcusable mistake),-1.5
(,"The power rangers is definitely the worst television show and completely ridiculous plastic toy line in the history of the United States.<br /><br />There is absolutely nothing even remotely entertaining about this completely awful television show.<br /><br />This is simply the worst show ever made),-2.0
(,"The really sad thing is that this was supposedly the highest budget ""Halestorm Entertainment"" has had to work with. All involved should be fined for littering since all the celluloid they wasted is good for nothing more than filling the trash. Not only is the writing atrocious and the jokes awful),-0.4
(,"This movie rips off of every mobster/gangster film ever made. MP Da Last Don has a reference to every movie. The acting was by far the worst i have every seen. Who the hell is John Mario anyway? His acting was by far the worst I have ever seen. He makes bad actors look good. As far as Master P goes),-3.25
(,"This movie was absolute trash. The director and stars(?)should be banished from making movies forever. The paper-thin plot concerns a sleazy director played by the sleazy director (now thats acting) advertising on the internet for women to star in a snuff movie. <br /><br />There's no horror at all),-1.0
(,"We've just watched the last of the series shown on the SBS network and will miss our weekly dose of Danish Delight. My wife and I picked up the show after the Swedish show ""The Eagle"" finished and it seemed by comparison to be a very poor substitute for our then favourite show on TV. Week by week),-2.0
(,"What a shame. This could have been good. The main problems are the script and the star. The film cannot decide whether to be a slapstick comedy (of a very uninspired and routine kind) or whether to be a insightful satire on the old East Germany and its mores. Its attempts at the latter flop totally),-0.25
(,"Do people rate this movie highly because it's a foreign war movie???<br /><br />To me it's nothing more than a bad Hollywood war movie in German.<br /><br />This movie is so bad on so many levels. To even mention it along with Platoon or Full Metal Jacket is absurd. The battle sequences are pathetic),-2.1666666666666665
(,"Eric Phillips (Don Wilson) is a secret service agent who prevents the assassination of a senator however along the way he finds a conspiracy and has a tracker on his tail. The tracker by the way is bent on terminating Phillips. The most obvious inspiration for this low budget cheeseball action flick),-1.25
(,"Follows the usual formula in putting a new recruit -- this time the first African-American (Cuba Gooding) after President Truman desegregates the Armed Forces -- through the U. S. Navy's deep-sea diver training program that is run by a racist zealot (Robert DeNiro). If the program weren't bad enough),-2.6666666666666665
(,"H.G. Wells in 1936 was past his prime and the books of his that will survive were long gone by. He was coming to the end of his life and he was confronted to his dream gone sour. At the very beginning of the 20th century he defended the idea that the world was doomed because the evolution of species),-0.5
(,"I readily admit that I watch a lot of really bad movies. But there are very few that I can think of that are quite as bad as When Women Had Tails. It's a stinker of epic proportions. What should have been a sexy comedy about a group of cavemen discovering a woman for the first time is instead a dull),-0.8333333333333334
(,"I was just looking at the 100 bottom movies according to IMDb users seeing if there was anything to review that I haven't yet and I found this little screen gem. One of those occasions when you see a movie ranked as one of the worst and you just have to be one of the few that actually likes it. Darn),-0.5
(,"NOTHING (3+ outta 5 stars) Another weird premise from the director of the movie ""Cube"". This time around there are two main characters who find themselves and their home transported to a mysterious white void. There is literally NOTHING outside of their small two-story house. Intriguing to be sure),-2.0
(,"The small California town of Diablo is plagued with mysterious deaths after sheriff Robert Lopez unearths an ancient box.Legend has it that the box holds the sixteenth-century Mexican demon named Azar.FBI agent Gil Vega is sent to investigate the murders and joins forces with the sheriff's daughters),-2.0
(,"Though it pains me to some degree that I'm bothering to christen the comments board for this new series - mainly because I'd hate to give the false impression that there's actually any semblance of public interest in it - I feel compelled to throw in my chips on this one.<br /><br />To put it simply),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Writing something genuine and true is challenging. Knowing how to shoot it and putting it together without making it trivial is even better. Ishai Setton's movie is one of those where you can recognize Life in all its simplicity and beauty. I have been touched by ""The big bad Swim"" and from now on),-0.25
(,"""A stage company cast finds themselves terrified when a bizarre killer known as 'The Fiend' targets them for death. A pair of reporters and their clumsy photographer set out to work the story of 'The Fiend' and find themselves targets as well. Just as you think our trio of heroes has the case solved),-0.5
(,"A group of human looking aliens going to Earth to eat crash land on a planet of prehistoric beasts instead where they all eat physcedelic mushrooms and act retarded. Padded with footage from ""Planet of the Dinosuars"" and horrible jokes this is definitely one to miss. The acting is atrocious as well),-1.0
(,"Alain Resnais directs three parallel stories that have to do with fantasy and imagination in the adult world. In one of them is a sort of Operatic bordello story where a rejected architect attempts to manipulate a group of people into throes of happiness--only his attempt misses it's only real target),-1.0
(,"Arguably the most disgusting thing to come out of Australia since Vegemite... Predictably distasteful comedy with Barry Humphries in a dual role as boozy Australian diplomat Les Patterson and undercover agent Dame Edna! So many bodily function gags that even the Farrelly brothers would have been sick),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Episode No. thirteen of the fanciful (excuse the incredibly gay terminology) ""Supernatural"" TV series relocates Sam and Dean Winchester to Missouri where they have been called upon by an old flame of Dean's to investigate a string of mysterious murders occurring in their small town. As it turns out),-1.5
(,"Lucio Fulci's ""Don't Torture a Duckling"" paints an exceptionally unflattering portrait of small-town Sicily plagued by series of brutal murders of young boys.This surprisingly well-directed film(especially in comparison to later Fulci's gorefests)is distinguished by overall atmosphere of perversity),-2.0
(,"Milla stands out in this movie because of her personal sense of style and the way the clothes hang on her. I have learned to hate that crumpled little three-year-old face she makes whenever she pretends to cry. It makes any points she is trying to make as a serious actress drop off quickly. Of course),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This blaxploitation classic about a kung fu mama who travels to Hong Kong to avenge her brother's death offers everything you learned to expect from the genre. Playmate Jeannie Bell (with a giant afro) really kicks ass and usually loses her clothes very quickly. If you don't take it all too seriously),-3.0
(,"This film is the most traumatising and painful horror film I have ever seen in my life. To know that this film is based on a true story and watching Jeffrey Dahmer(Carl Crew) brutally murder his victims is enough to bring a tear to my eye. I admit this was a low budget film with not the best dialogue),-0.2
(,"This film seems to be a rip off of many movies that have dealt with the same subject in the past. Let the future viewer be forewarned that ""Art Heist"" doesn't add anything to the genre. Director Bryan Goeres has no clue what to do with the film.<br /><br />William Baldwin keeps reappearing in films),-1.0
(,"This movie features an o.k. score and a not bad performance by David Muir as Dr. Hackenstein. The beginning and end credits show along with the most of the actors and the ""special effects"" that this is a low budget movie. There is nothing in this movie that you could not find in other mad scientist),-3.0
(,"This seventh (yes you read right - the seventh) Puppet Master movie shows how the demented group of dolls came to be; by a french puppeteer who uses them to get revenge on a group of ancient mummies who are after him once they learn that he holds the secret to life. It was taught to him by a sorcerer),-0.5
(,"A killer (John Karlen) with a penchant for really bad disguises (afro wig on a white dude?) cruises around in his van looking for victims. Detective DeCarlo (James Luisi) is on the case and finds the killer rather easily by just hanging out by the local pool and looking for anyone looking weird (again),-2.0
(,"Absolutely one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time! It starts off badly and just deteriorates. Katherine Heigl is woefully miscast in a Lolita role and Leo Grillo manfully struggles with what is essentially a cardboard cutout character. The only cast-member with any enthusiasm is Tom Sizemore),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Frankie Dio (Lee VanCleef) is a high-ranking mobster who turns himself in to the police or illegal gambling (for reasons that seem unclear to me). Tony (Tony Lo Bianco) is a low-level thug who frequents a pool hall and spends his free time envying Frankie. By being in the right place at the right time),-1.0
(,"I have done quite a few reviews on IMDb and this film is unique in that I never saw the entire movie. It was so terribly stupid and unfunny that I just couldn't sit through it--though I tried.<br /><br />The biggest problem with this and any Mel Brooks movie I call ""the Mel quotient"". In other words),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I thought this was a truly awful film--I found myself actually yelling at my tv a couple times. One or both of the gay male leads was miscast; there was absolutely no chemistry between them and Richard Ruccolo looked like he'd rather be kissing a dog. The movie covers their long and tortured courtship),-1.5
(,"The always delightful Kevin Spacey makes us once again question certain truths in our lives. After driving us into believing he is a mumbling small time crook (only to expose the true power of cinematic deception) in the classic The Usual Suspect; this time around he leads us into believing he is Prot),-0.25
(,"The version of this film I saw was titled 'Horror Rises from the Tomb'. The horror in question is a wicked Medieval magician played by Spanish horror legend Paul Naschy looking like he's playing Abanazer in a church hall panto. He rises from his tomb when a stupid descendant (I think he's a descendant),-0.6666666666666666
(,"WARNING **SPOILERS**<br /><br />Lord knows I have seen some bad movies in my time and this one makes me just as angry. This is an insult to people who ARE LOOKING for a bad movie. The ""story"" involves a stewardess who discovers her boyfriend (badly acted by otherwise great Robert Wagner) is a murder),-1.6666666666666667
(,"a friend gave it to me saying it was another classic like ""Debbie does Dallas"". Nowhere close. I think my main complaint is about the most unattractive lead actress in porn industry ever. Even more terrible is that she is on screen virtually all the time. But I read somewhere that back in those days),-0.5
(,"""R Xmas"" peers into the lives of a middle class married-with-kid family of narco-distributors during the Christmas holiday season. There's no story here - just a disjointed collection of events. Ferrara seems to get off on the juxtaposition of the holidays and home life with narcotics peddling in NYC),-1.5
(,"Dark Harvest is about a group of friends that go to a farm(it belongs to one of the friends relatives or something) for a getaway. But there are killer scarecrows lurking there(there was something about a curse in there too but I forgot what that was about).<br /><br />The acting in this movie is awful),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Every American who thinks he or she understands World War Two should see this movie. Few Hollywood films about the war have defied the stereotype of Japanese soldiers as emotionless brutes obeying orders without thinking. We like to think that every Japanese man was ready and able to fight to the death),-1.0
(,"Every review I have read so far seems to have missed a crucial point. Shakespeare wrote for the accent and the pronunciation just as he did for northerners in other plays. The Scottish accent changes the emphasis and rhythm of the language and affects profoundly what is said and the way it is taken. So),-2.0
(,"Hulk Hogan plays Rip a professional wrestler who has a big heart but is pushed to the limit when his girlfriend(Joan Severence) is kidnapped by thugs who are forcing him to take on another wrestler(Tiny Lister Jr.)Bottom of the barrel actioner is such a failure that even Hogan looks ashamed to be in it),-1.0
(,"I watch lots of scary movies (or at least they try to be) and this has to be the worst if not 2nd worst movie I have ever had to make myself try to sit through. I never knew the depths of Masacism until I rented this piece of moldy cheese covered in a used latex contraceptive. I am a fan of Julian Sans),-1.25
(,"The opening night for the 'South Asian International Film Festival' (SAIFF) in New York was an event a lot of us were waiting for.<br /><br />I would finally get to watch 'Hari Om'  I was tired of watching the ""promo"" on a loop and the lingering taste of the song Angel by Nitin Sawhney in the promo),-2.0
(,"You can't really go far when the initial story isn't all that great. The premise of cyborg's needing blood is just dopey.<br /><br />The script is blasé'. The actors don't have much to work with. The sets were staged out in the desert to cut costs. It's a trademark that if the background is the desert),-1.0
(,"""Milo"" is yet another answer to a question nobody ever asked.Do we really need more slashers?I for one think we already have more than enough.I guess the professional tall guys overcharged so in this one we deal with a murderous kid that's also a zombie or a ghost when he feels like it.A long time ago),-0.6666666666666666
(,"After seeing the movie last night I was left with a sense of the hopelessness faced by organisations trying to tackle the problem the film portrays. The scale of the prostitution seems so large that it's hard to see how it can be defeated without major governmental changes in Cambodia.<br /><br />Anyway),-1.75
(,"Also known as the Big Spook War. The Great Yokai War is Miike's attempt at a family film and damn fine job he does as well. The problem is that I can't imagine many parents wanting to subject their children to this movie. The best kids movies are the ones that are scary or have mildly disturbing imagery),-0.8333333333333334
(,"An apt description by Spock of an all-powerful fop into whose clutches fall the crew of the Enterprise. This was one sector of space our starship should have avoided: first Sulu & Kirk simply disappear off the bridge; a landing party follows them to the surface of an unknown planet and encounter Trelane),-1.0
(,"Bizarre horror movie filled with famous faces but stolen by Cristina Raines (later of TV's ""Flamingo Road"") as a pretty but somewhat unstable model with a gummy smile who is slated to pay for her attempted suicides by guarding the Gateway to Hell! The scenes with Raines modeling are very well captured),-0.4
(,"David Dhawan copied HITCH and such an unofficial copy The film isn't even 1/2 as funny or amusing as the original it's boring with forced stories like the Lara track of having a child and no hubby Plus there is an unwanted stupid Chota DON and David tries to choke drama too but the film looks disjointed),-0.7777777777777778
(,"Few movies have dashed expectations and upset me as much as Fire has. The movie is pretentious garbage. It does not achieve anything at an artistic level. The only thing it managed to receive is a ban in India. If only it was because of the poor quality of film making rather than the topical controversy),-2.0
(,"HBO created this show for purposes of making us see the most realistic view of prison possible and they did a hell of a job. Oz was created by the creators of Homicide who wanted to show a raw version of prison. This show is what launched the idea of every other HBO Original Program such as The Sopranos),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I found this film rather brilliant. Initially I wanted a ""when animals attack"" flick along the lines of ""frankenfish"" or even ""rogue"" but was delivered a truly horrific ordeal that was not devoid of humanity. Having been to the areas this was made (including the croc farm at the start of the movie),-2.0
(,"I'm surprised that anyone involved with the production of this series would actually admit responsibility. The script is so unfunny it must have been written by someone who failed the entrance exam for the Canadian Comedy Writers' Union (and that's saying something!). Get out your binoculars if you want),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The film was apparently spawned from an idea one of the writers had when he 'saw' one of his creations in a supermarket. The inhabitants of Royston Vasey head into 'our' world to persuade the writers not to stop writing about them and thus destroy their world.<br /><br />If that sounds a bit too serious),-2.0
(,"The snobs and pseudo experts consider it ""a far cry from De Sica's best"" The ones suffering from a serious lack of innocence will find a problem connecting to this masterpiece. De Sica spoke in a very direct way. His Italianness doesn't have the convoluted self examination of modern Italian filmmakers),-0.8
(,"This fanciful horror flick has Vincent Price playing a mad magician that realizes his vocational talents have been sold to another. He devise ways of avenging all those that have wronged him. His master scheme seems to back fire on him.<br /><br />Price is a little below par compared to his masterpieces),-0.75
(,"This movie doesn't even deserve a one. This was an utter waste of time. It was a waste of film and money. It was not offensive but everything was provocative and disgusting. My spoiler is one that I think should be read by everyone. There is full frontal nudity and disgusting language. But not only that),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This superior inferiority to the original dumb ""Blind Dead"" movie is another trash bin waste. So many people have hyped up these films that I can't believe what they say about it. Since I was a kid I have heard about how scary and great these films are and I saw them all and was throughly disappointed),-0.4
(,"""Ideas are dangerous."" Comment by one interviewee.<br /><br />DVD Rating: B+ / 4 out of 5 / 8 out of 10 / Worth the time.<br /><br />A great story for adults / or teen boaters but not for children. None of the stupid violent crime stuff so often mistaken by Hollywood these days as ""quality work."" And),-1.4
(,"David Lynch's crude and crudely drawn take on South Park presents us with a nightmare of disturbing clichés about suburban middle class families. The father is a hideous monster with three teeth and a disproportionately large circular mouth-hole from which are uttered the most horrendous guttural noises),-2.5
(,"Diane Keaton is a pathetic actress. She is so boring and phony. She is the same on and off screen. I saw her in an interview with Ellen Degeneres and she behaves exactly the same as she does in movies. Her foolish facial expressions make me want to change channels. She has been in a couple of good movies),-0.6
(,"I would not recommend this movie. Even though it is rated G and is clearly for kids there is quite a lot of swearing (including the dreaded 'F' and 'S' words). This kind of language doesn't offend me particularly but in a kids film? Come on.<br /><br />There was also quite a bit of implied sexual content),-0.16666666666666666
(,"I've now just realised that by watching this film I have lost valuable precious moments of my life I will never get back. Thsi film isn't just poor its dire. It reminded me of every stereotypical black sitcom ever made.<br /><br />I regret watching this film.<br /><br />Flixmedia reckons its a race issue),-2.3333333333333335
(,"My friends and I were just discussing how frustrated we are with the way movies and especially romantic comedy's are being made. We feel offended by the schlock that Hollywood is serving up these days as they act like all is well.<br /><br />Well all is not well...with the exception of a few bright spots),-0.25
(,"Peter Crawford discovers a comet on a collision course with the moon. But when the government doesn't believe him (dumb fact #1). He builds a shelter in deep underground and is drawing lots to see who will go. Plus is willing to kill to save humanity (dumb fact #2). With millions of dollars of technology),-1.8
(,"This movie stinks. IMDb needs negative numbers in its rating system to properly evaluate this turkey. The acting is either wooden or over the top; the film was apparently NOT written by anyone in particular; and the monster scenes were mediocre at best. Even as a movie driven solely by the monster scenes),-2.0
(,"I just can't imagine any possible reasons why Madsen and Hopper wanted to be in this movie after reading the script. They got blackmailed maybe? Or are they that badly out of money? The main problem with the movie is that it's boring. The conversations between Madsen's and Hopper's character are pointless),-2.5
(,"Meryl Streep is excellent in her nuanced and stoic performance as the infamous Lindy Chamberlain who was accused and tried for allegedly killing her own baby Azaria Chamberlain and using her alibi of ravenous dingoes as her defense. Based on the book ""Evil Angels"" and titled so in its Australian release),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Police officer Dirk Hendricks (Jamie Bartlett) files an amnesty application Alex Mpondo (Chiwetel Ejiofor).<br /><br />A member of the South African Parliament who cant remember the torture he once endured as a captive political activist.<br /><br />South African born attorney Sarah Barcant (Hilary Swank)),-4.0
(,"Shame on Yash Raj films and Aditya Chopra who seems to have lost their intelligence over the years and providing steady fare of tripe in this piece of cinematic crap thats not even worth You Tube standards. I was gritting my teeth throughout the whole flick start to finish with the schizophrenic direction),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Skip Mission: Galactica and watch the original Living Legend episodes instead. The network took parts 1 & 2 of Living Legend and jammed them into one plot with the awful Fire In Space episode. Although Galactica suffered from network-controlled writing and a lack of time to prepare for a proper production),-2.5
(,"Someone will have to explain to me why every film that features poor people and adopts a pseudo-gritty look is somehow seen as ""realistic"" by some people.<br /><br />I didn't see anything realistic about the characters (although the actors did their best with really bad parts) or the situations. Instead),-0.25
(,"This film essentially deals with Inspector Gadget's arch-nemesis Doctor Claw who has returned after many years to the now-peaceful city of Metropolis. Claw's plan is to foil Gadget once and for all by using a newer ""cooler"" crimefighter to help destroy Gadget's popularity. Sadly the film fails miserably),-1.0
(,"This is a quiet movie. It's a simple story about a writer who cannot write his story coming back to his home town to get started but instead he gets involved in a friendship with a weird older man whose life externally represents perhaps the internal state of the writer - it's a museum of unfinished ideas),-2.0
(,"what the hell was the point of this dull movie? it looked pretty interesting in the beginning but quickly fell flat on its face. its supposed to be based on a true story but for crying out loud is there no more script writers left in Hollywood? man iv'e seen these guys in some of the best movies ever made),-0.125
(,"""Crimes of Passion"" is a film that is disappointing on most counts. Where should I start from? The plot? It is despairingly simplistic and full of gaps. The direction? Reminds a cheap B-movie. The acting? John Laughlin is utterly terrible in his role as ""well-intentioned-husband-of-a-frozen-wife"" Bobby),-2.5
(,"(Spoilers galore) This is an absolutely awful film. First of all it has that guy from medium. I guess he's made a career out of playing super doting dads. It was OK the first time he tried to scare his son by pretending to be a monster...but then 10 minutes later they cloyingly did it again! And so it goes),-0.75
(,"And it falls squarely into the category of ""awesomely bad"" - ie a movie drunk students would rent to get a kick out of. I was at the sci fi movie festival and all I remember is a wave after wave of hysterical laughter as this movie premiered. Other critiques will better describe this movie's fecal nature),-1.5
(,"Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! I can not stand Ben stiller anymore. How this man is allowed to still make movies is beyond me. I can't understand how this happens if I performed at work the way he acts in a movie I'd get fired and I own the company.....I would have to fire myself. GOD! This movie was just a plain),-2.0
(,"The final pairing of Nelson Eddy and Jeanette MacDonald is basically a complete misfire.The script is weak and has been presented badly.The film just has no life in it.Eddy and MacDonald would have been better off just making a filmed concert for their final pairing.There's nothing wrong with their singing),-0.75
(,"The most disturbing thing about this film is not that it's a load of hogwash (the CPUSA was never really as much an espionage threat as the movie makes out). The troubling aspect is the way that it whitewashes the wholly unsavory tactics of the FBI and the UnAmerican Activities Committee. Secret informants),-2.0
(,"Violence whether real or not always has an impact. In this film the violence is about as crass as you could ask for. In the Great Ecstacy the director has successfully demonstrated what extremes of violence people are capable of. But what was the point? The violence looks like a mix of Noë's 'Irreversible),-1.2
(,"this is just a terrible 'comedy' -- it really is a bad film. there are no funny elements. no jokes that are funny. i don't know how some people can claim this dismal short film could be 'smartest' or 'quality.' perhaps if its the only film that a person has seen you can make that claim of the brothers. but),-0.5714285714285714
(,"A response to previous comments made by residents of the region where this motion picture was lensed: One person suggested that the closing and destruction of the Ocean View Amusement Park led to a downturn in the surrounding neighborhoods. This is simply not true. Prior to the construction of Interstate 64),-3.0
(,"A terrible movie that is amateurish on almost every level - a boring and derivative screenplay filled with stereotyped characters played by embarrassed actors for a director lacking the most rudimentary understanding of his craft. The whole thing stinks. It plays like a slasher movie from the early eighties),-1.6
(,"First of all. Should Cameron Diaz ever be allowed to act again? To call that a bad performance would be an insult to bad performances. That was a historically horrific performance. Any small chance that Diaz had at being a serious actress is now completely done after that. Laughably horrible.<br /><br />Two),-1.8
(,"Good Lord... How this ended up in our DVD player I'll never know...my wife thought it was a new release she'd missed somehow...Nevermind it's a couple of years old and in Danish ( I think)... She kept looking for the English soundtrack...<br /><br />All in all...the film wasn't bad... Good production values),-2.0
(,"I don't honestly know what legal or illegal substance they - the writers - were on when the wrote this horrid piece of tripe!<br /><br />The cast - sucks The plot - sucks The editing - sucks The whole premise of the movie is that a girl with psychic/telekinetic powers comes across a lesbian vampire sorority),-2.2
(,"I have to say that there is one redeeming speck in regards to this ""film"". It firmly establishes the bottom of the barrel. Now filmmakers know what to aim above when making a movie. Other than that I regret watching this debacle. What shameless abandon the making of this ""film"" was. What a waste of $100),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I have to start out by saying that the actresses and actor did a fine job for what they worked with. The problem in Dark Reality is you had a poor director who tried so hard to be innovative and evocative he ended up trashing up the film. From start to finish you can tell the film reel quality itself is low),-0.2
(,"I wish I could give this movie a zero. Cheesy effects and acting. The only reason to see this movie is so you can see how bad it is. Lets start with the kid who plays Brian. What a geek! I couldn't believe the mullet! Then there was the talking to himself. I guess they couldn't just have the movie be silent),-1.0
(,"This film concerns the story of Eddy as mentioned in the title and his homecoming to old friends in a seaside community. The plot involves the group of friends as it comes to light that Eddy left as a means to deal with death of a friend in which he feels in some way responsible. But this is inconsequential),-2.0
(,"This film would usually classify as the worst movie production ever. Ever. But in my opinion it is possibly the funniest. The horrifying direction and screenplay makes this film priceless. I bought the movie whilst sifting through the bargain DVD's at my local pound shop. Me and some friends then watched it),-0.5
(,"Until today I had never seen this film. Its was filmed on the sets of the Old Dark House and Frankenstein and concerns a small Bavarian village where supposedly giant bats are sucking the blood of the villagers.<br /><br />Frankly its a damn good movie that has atmosphere to spare and a cast that won't quit),-0.5
(,"Usually I'm a bit of a fan of the bad eighties & early nineties film featuring now has beens...but this film is so incredibly terrible that it was a real endurance test to sit through. Guys dressing up as girls has been done to death - but never so pathetically. Corey Haim's performance was abysmal as usual),-1.25
(,"first of all let's start out by saying that Robert Englund Doug Bradley and Melinda Clark should be commended for having to be associated with this piece of drivel. i had to give this a 1 it wouldn't let me give it a zero. wanna know how bad this movie is? my mom calls me from across town and tells me ""son),-0.5
(,"8 points for take on probably what really kinda maybe more what it was like back then. American Indians probably stole more than killed. Who really knows? Nice slower odd pursuit means it has a pace and... interesting and unique. Thankfully not another mindless shoot em up. I thought this would suck at first),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Awful is really all one needs to know. First think of all the things that could be bad about a movie. And then try to make a movie that is bad in all of these ways. You will have made ""Vacationland."" The state of Maine should feel insulted: it's much too nice a place to serve as the backdrop for such trite),-1.0
(,"Evil Ed is a Swedish film about a man named Ed (of course)and his collapse into total madness after editing a series of B horror films known as ""The Loose Limbs"" series. Ed becomes so mad that he thinks he's seeing demons and monsters but in reality they are people he knows and people that are close to him),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Having enjoyed Koyaanisqatsi and Powaqatsi I was looking forward to this third part of the Qatsi trilogy and seeing what direction it had taken. Rarely has a film so spectacularly failed to live up to its predecessors and lost its way. Although it tries to represent ""civilised warfare"" in the form of sport),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Leave Ed Wood alone. To call ""Plan 9 from Outer Space"" the worst film ever made would be to deny this abysmally vulgar heap of Hollywood guano its rightful title. This pretentious fusion of witless whimsy and bathetic sociopolitical ""commentary"" actually does seem to be formed along the lines of ""Plan 9),-2.5
(,"Look it's Eva Longoria and Paul Rudd in a movie about a dead girlfriend haunting the new girlfriend. It's Gabrielle from Desperate Housewives and the guy who wore ""sex Panther cologne"" in Anchorman. If you are expecting a Golden Globe nominated movie then you need to rethink how you look at movies. However),-1.0
(,"Not an altogether bad start for the program -- but what a slap in the face to real law enforcement. The worst part of the series is that it attempts to bill itself as reality fare -- and is anything but. Men and women that dedicate their lives to the enforcement of laws deserve better than this. What is next),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Sigh. I'm baffled when I see a short like this get attention and assignments and whatnot. I saw this film at a festival before the filmmaker got any attention and forgot about it immediately afterwards. It was mildly annoying to see it swiping the Grinch Who Stole Christmas heart gag along with the narration),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The Jungle is more of an adventure than a science fiction movie. The only sci-fi part is the Woolly Mammoths living in the present day.<br /><br />Elephants are attacking villages in a part of India and these attacks are also killing people. An expedition is sent to investigate and one of the members of this),-0.75
(,"The concept of the legal gray area in Love Crimes contributes to about 10% of the movie's appeal; the other 90% can be attributed to it's flagrant bad-ness. To say that Sean Young's performance as a so-called district attorney is wooden is a gross understatement. With her bland suits and superfluous hair gel),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This film turned up on local TV here in South Africa recently and I thought that I'd warn even those who enjoy watching B grade bad movies (which I do)that this is not even amusing. The plot concerns a couple visiting a house in the country. Some strangers appear and .... The problem is that most of the film),-1.25
(,"This is an atrocious movie. Two demented young women seduce and torture a middle aged man. There's not much to give away in regards to a plot or a ""spoiler"". I would only comment that the ending is nearly the most preposterous part of the flick. Much of the film involves Locke and Camp cackling obnoxiously),-4.0
(,"Alone In The Dark is one BAD movie and tied with Deuce Bigalow for worst movie of the year. I wish that was ALL I had to say but of course the IMDb stipulates a word count and all that.<br /><br />I'm in two minds about what kind of bad movie is a worse kind of bad movie. A low budget dreck like Red Zone Cuba),-0.625
(,"I rented this film purely on the fact that the cover appealed to me. However as soon as the film began I had regrets. It seems they used a home video camera to shoot this film and let a young child do it. They also used inappropriate ghostly faces and shapes to try and scare people but i found myself laughing),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I saw the episode about living on minimum wage. It went as far as an Oprah Winfrey's appearance for the said episode. It's bad enough people struggle making ends meet week to week. Then having this hypocrite exploiting the problem. I didn't appreciate the constant complaining from him or his significant other),-0.8
(,"Sixth escapade for Freddy Krueger in which he has finally managed to kill off virtually every youth in Springwood; now he wants to broaden his horizons and (**SPOILER**) needs a family member in order to do it.<br /><br />A failure as a horror movie because it simply ain't scary at all. Works better as a dark),-1.25
(,"This is a thoroughly diabolical tale of just how bad things can go wrong. A simple robbery. Pick up some serious change. Get our finances together and everything will be hunky-dory. Butmom and pop's jewelry store? No problem. Insurance pays for it all. No guns. Nobody gets hurt. Easy money.<br /><br />Older),-3.0
(,"This is awesomely bad and awesomely embarassing for a Canadian. We grow good wine. Our writers and poets are among the world's best. The National Ballet is rated among the top five companies in the world. BUT WE MAKE BLOODY AWFUL MOVIES! This one isn't especially bad. It's especially typical and typically bad),-0.25
(,"At last. Here's a movie that does as much for the reputations of the men of Greece and Russia as ""Gigli"" did for the those of Mr. Affleck and Ms. Lo. FROM THE EDGE OF THE CITY details the sad and sordid lives of some young Russian émigrés who live in and around Athens and spend their time burglarizing cars),-2.0
(,"It occurred to me while watching ""Imaginary Heroes"" that any screenwriter attempting to make a drama about family relationships should seriously consider killing off a kid or two in the opening reel as a way of getting his characters to open up and reveal themselves. There must be something to this storyline),-3.0
(,"It seems more than passing strange that such utter dreck as ""Dukes of Hazzard"" and ""The Hills Have Eyes"" (the new version) can find DVD distributors while older - and far superior works such as this film - are nowhere to be found. With all the on-going debate about the morality (or lack thereof) of warfare),-0.75
(,"Makes the fourth theatrical release (the one National Lampoon took its name OFF of) look like a comedy classic. A complete mistake and a sad attempt to capitalize on a once-proud franchise. Painfully unfunny and unwatchable...even for a TV movie! The Cousin Eddie character has become progressively less amusing),-0.25
(,"Maybe it was the excessive weight gain Seagal had put on. Or maybe it was the horrible acting of Wayans in an action flick. Or was it the total lack of chemistry between the two leading characters? These and other considerations lead me to conclude that Seagal should have never made this acting nightmare. True),-1.0
(,"This is a serious film about black revolutionaries and not really an action film. Billy Dee plays a young man fed up with racism who decides to take things into his own hands. It's fairly gritty and realistic without exploiting the characters but still it's not that interesting either and Billy Dee's character),-1.0
(,"This movie had potential and I was willing to give it a try but there are so many timeline problems that are so obvious - it's hard to swallow being treated like such an idiot.<br /><br />Rise to Power is set in the late sixties. Carlito's Way is set in the mid to late seventies. For this movie to be realistic),-0.3333333333333333
(,"What if a platoon of G.I.'s from the Japanese army were to be send back in time 400 years right in the middle of the feudal wars that led to the formation of the Tokugawa Shogunate? Great pitch right? The movie does exactly what it says on the tin.<br /><br />Thankfully the writers didn't bother to explain the),-2.0
(,"You have to start worrying when you see that Michael Madsen is leading the Cast of any movie. I wont go through the list of shame that is his movie career.<br /><br />I watched 45 minutes and still was not sure what really was going on. The movie consisted of a love hate relationship between Madsen and Argento),-1.25
(,"George P. Cosmatos' ""Rambo: First Blood Part II"" is pure wish-fulfillment. The United States clearly didn't win the war in Vietnam. They caused damage to this country beyond the imaginable and this movie continues the fairy story of the oh-so innocent soldiers. The only bad guys were the leaders of the nation),-0.6
(,"Gymkata is without a doubt one of the worst movies ever made. But not the bad kind of bad movies. This one is so awful it's fun to watch and laugh. Kurt Thomas clearly does not have a lucrative career in acting. He should go back to gymnastics. But who can forget such memorable scenes as the high bar with chalk),-0.7777777777777778
(,"I wasn't sure when I heard about this coming out. I was thinking how dumb is Disney getting. I was wrong. I found it to be very good. I mean it's not The Lion King but it's cool to see another side from a certain point. It was very funny. Also it wasn't one of those corny disney sequels were the animation sucks),-1.0
(,"Keys to the VIP is just another one of the horrible T.V. shows that you can and will see on this station. The show is terrible with guys claiming to be real players competing against each other (there are two of them competing in each episode) in stupid games where they try to get girls at a bar to talk to them),-2.6666666666666665
(,"OK. A warning for anyone out there who is a parent or guardian. Be careful about who you see this film with - ie - DO NOT TAKE KIDS TO SEE THIS FILM. I'll explain why.<br /><br />1 - the title is misleading and the film has nothing to do with romance - I assume this was fully intentional on the producers behalf),-0.5
(,"Right up until the end the bad guys have the upper-hand - always - which kind of put into question the competence of the good guys. A couple of innocent-man-accused-of-a-crime plots are irritating. Some unnecessary dialogue in which various dull legal issues get debated. This is just a mediocre dumb old western),-0.3333333333333333
(,"The director does not know what to do with a camera... too many options and she always always always picks the wrong one... she let travolta take charge... and he controls the movie from the beginning to the end... the characters are not developed... maybe because we need to watch them singing... no pace at all),-1.5
(,"This Columbo is unique in that we don't really know the exact outcome until the very end. Our favorite dark horse detective suspects a pair of identical twin brothers of killing their rich uncle; each points the finger at his brother. In a mystery series in which the crime is shown at the beginning of the drama),-0.6
(,"This film is very interesting. I have seen it twice and it seems Glover hit the nail on the head with what he claims to he wants to accomplish. I for one can relate to the outrage that the filmmaker clearly expresses against the current thoughtless corporate drivel that is an onslaught in our every media center),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This movie is hilarious. The problem is that it's not a comedy. One classic scene involves Kurt Thomas just happening to find a pommel-horse in the middle of a village square (which he uses to pummel the bad guys.) Another is the trek into the ""Village of Crazies."" Too bad this movie wasn't made to be a farce),-2.25
(,"Tru Calling was good but it could have been great. The concept was intriguing and allowed for seriously strange and frightening story lines that might have been explored in future. Unfortunately the writing and an actor let the show down.<br /><br />The writing wasn't too bad but there were holes. In episode 13),-1.0
(,"When I voted my ""1"" for this film I noticed that 75 people voted the same out of 146 total votes. That means that half the people that voted for this film feel it's truly terrible. I saw this not long ago at a film festival and I was really unimpressed by it's poor execution. The cinematography is unwatchable),-2.0
(,"Wretched. Talk about botched. BEYOND THE POSEIDON ADVENTURE is bad in every respect. Salvagers Michael Caine and Karl Malden decide to tow the wreck of the eponymous ocean liner with a really creaky tug boat. They're challenged by ruthless Telly Savalas and his gang of machine-gun toting goons. This part sequel),-2.5
(,"i've heard a lot about the inventive camera-work and direction in this movie. i thought both were a mess<br /><br />also some truly terrible acting. the main 'heroine' in the movie is irritating beyond belief and has absolutely nothing useful to contribute in any situation. everything she does or says is stupid),-1.5
(,"""The Last Wave"" is one of those movies that relies heavily on the mind. The title refers to the Aboriginal doomsday theory: there will be one last wave that wipes out everything.<br /><br />David Burton (Richard Chamberlain) is a Sydney lawyer hired to defend some Aborigines accused of murder. Around this time),-2.0
(,"""The Moon Is Blue"" director Otto Preminger tackled even more taboo subject matter in his controversial 1955 release ""The Man with the Golden Arm."" Whereas he had incensed the Motion Picture Association of America with his use of the words ""virgin"" and ""mistress"" in his mild 1953 comedy ""The Moon Is Blue),-0.5
(,"Could possibly be the worst film ever made. At least plan 9 From Outer Space was funny. I can't believe they talked someone into actually putting up money to make this thing. Complete waste of celluloid. Before I saw this crap I had some respect for Kristophersson. I guess somebody needed a tax write off. Please),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I gotta go with my boy Allen (who also reviewed this film)...ZOMBIE GANGBANGERS (as my copy is entitled - guess they left out the ""NINJA"" part after realizing there isn't a single ""ninja"" nor reference to ninjas anywhere in the whole f!cking film...) is a total wasted of time. Honestly one of the most boring),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I want the 99 minutes of my life back that was wasted on this pathetic excuse for a movie. The acting was horrific! I used to be a fan of Cameron Diaz and Vincent D'Onofrio. I will never look at them the same again. Keanu Reeves and Dan Aykroyd were not a surprise. Everyone knows they never could act. Thankfully),-0.2
(,"I was really disappointed with this film. The first Waters movie I saw was Serial Mom and I loved it. Then I saw Pecker and I loved it. Then I watched Polyester and really sort of hated it. The only thing I liked about that movie was DIVINE. She/He had a hell of a lot of talent. I was truly surprised. As a whole),-0.16666666666666666
(,"Michelle Pfeiffer is ideally cast as the frustrated mob widow in this colourful black comedy. Matthew Modine plays a clumsy FBI agent who has taken a fancy to her. Dean Stockwell steals the show as the big shot who keeps on pestering Pfeiffer; Mercedes Ruehl is dynamic as his jealous wife. It's all very eighties),-1.25
(,"Pretty poor Firestarter clone that seems more like a bad TV movie than a bad feature film. How disappointing for this to come from Hooper and Dourif!<br /><br />Government contractors do a human experiment with a Hydrogen bomb. The boy born to the couple from the experiment constantly runs a fever of 100 degrees),-1.6
(,"Saying this movie is worse than asphyxiating on your own diarrhea is a generous understatement. The only thing more pathetic than this reprehensible piece of garbage of a movie is the shmuck getting paid by the producers to register a bunch of accounts to post fake appraise.<br /><br />If watching a poorly-acted),-1.5
(,"The picture is developed in 1873 and talks as Lin McAdam(James Stewart) and High Spade(Millard Michell)arrive to Dodge City looking for an enemy called Dutch Henry(Stephen McNally).The sheriff Wyatt Hearp(Will Ger)obligates to leave their guns.Both participate in an shot contest and Stewart earns a Winchester 73),-1.5
(,"There is no question as to who is in command of the training of cadets in this film: Major Chick Davis (Pat O'Brien). O'Brien plays an officer who adheres to military discipline in the creation of a new kind of soldier from his cadets--the bombardier. But he is not so rigid as to be unfair or unfriendly. In fact),-0.3333333333333333
(,"this is the worst movie in the world. the only reason i gave it a 2 was because the first 10 minutes were hysterically funny in a ""is this for real??"" sort of way. it was so cheesy and low budget...they should not have even bothered. there was nudity and violence for the pure sake of having nudity and violence),-1.25
(,"'Night Crossing' is about an enormous barrier designed not to keep enemies out but to keep its own people in<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about a very long border fencer equipped with silent alarms and automatic firing systems<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about the denial of the basic human rights of life),-2.0
(,"Any horror film that casts Robert Englund (Freddie Kruger!) then kills him in the opening 5 minutes before the opening credits have even run should be instantly viewed with nothing but suspicion.<br /><br />Tony Todd (Candyman!) as a swamp tour guide (his James Earl Jones voice impression is hysterical by the way),-3.0
(,"Baba - Rajinikanth will never forget this name in his life. This is the movie which caused his downfall. It was released with much hype but crashed badly and laid to severe financial losses for its producers and distributors. Rajinikanth had to personally repay them for the losses incurred. Soon after its release),-2.0
(,"I got Mirror Mirror mainly because Yvonne De Carlo was in it (I thought she was great in American Gothic) but sadly she didn't have a very big role in this film. It starts off OK and the pace moves along nicely...but by the end it starts getting a bit tedious and dull. That's not to say that this is a boring film),-0.25
(,"The lives of Megan(Jackie Kresler)and Dylan(Shane Elliott)change in the Nevada desert between Reno and Las Vegas. They stop to eat at a small greasy spoon where they reluctantly learn about the infamous Area 51 by the café proprietor(Jonathan Breck). After getting back on the road in their forty year old Lincoln),-1.0
(,"This has got to be the most appalling abuse of the word comedy ever witnessed.It is simply not funny and the scriptwriters have obviously just tried to use the name of the TV series in order to make a few quid at the box office. This film makes a carry on seem subtle as far as sexual innuendo goes ( no mean feat)),-0.2
(,"This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life. It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen. Everything about it is just bad.<br /><br />Synopsis: Different situation comes up each week for the parent to handle their kids.<br /><br />I could not understand),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Three part ""horror"" film with some guy in a boarded up house imploring the viewer not to go ""out there"" and (unfortunately) gives us three tales to prove why.<br /><br />The first story involves a young couple in a car accident who meet up with two psychos. It leads up to two totally predictable twists. Still),-2.0
(,"Wow this movie sucked big time. I heard this movie expresses the meaning of friendship very well. And with all the internet hype on this movie I figured what could go wrong? However the movie was just plain bad. It was boring and the character development was never there. Space Travelers was also a horrible movie),-1.6666666666666667
(,"...let me count the ways.<br /><br />1. A title-only 'remake' that pulls out every cliché in the slasher handbook.<br /><br />2. A plot so predictable that it becomes quite pathetic.<br /><br />3. A completely weak execution of all attempts at suspense or thrills.<br /><br />4. A PG-13 rating that insures no gore),-1.5
(,"For everyone who expects a traditional superhero-movie it might be an unpleasant surprise. It is definitely more of a drama rather than an action movie. It focuses mainly on emotions and it's a bit like a Greek tragedy - whatever the main character does it always goes wrong somehow.<br /><br />That's because Sasha),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Hammer House of Horror: Witching Time is set in rural England on Woodstock farm where stressed musician David Winter (Jon Finch) lives with his actress wife Mary (Prunella Gee) & is currently composing the music for a horror film. One night while looking for his dog Billy David finds a mysterious woman in his barn),-2.0
(,"I saw this movie when I was about 8-years-old and I liked it but it wasn't until I watched it again at the age of 13 that I really understood it for what it is; a cartoon about a criminal dog with a real heart of gold ""adopts"" a little girl in order to exploit her for her talents to talk to animals. The dog star),-0.5
(,"If pulp fiction and Get shorty didn't exist this might be an OK film.When i say this i mean that nothing from this film is it's own unless it's another bit of terrible dialogue or a cliché full scene.All the lines like 'i won't say more than i have to if that' from Get shorty seem to appear in this rubbish sequel),-0.5
(,"My guess is that the producers of this low-budget space/horror film wanted a serious movie but the director had his heart set on a parody. So...this is what we get. Set in an abandoned spaceship 1000 years in the future and peopled with characters and props right out of the 90's. The set is some industrial complex),-2.0
(,"Roy Rogers and company try to bring ""Sintown"" back to life - it's a ghost town which may go boom if silver mining is successful. Andy Devine (as ""Cookie"") slapsticks around. Jane Frazee (as Carol) loses a piece of her bitches to Mr. Rogers' sharp leer. Foy Willing and the Riders of the Purple Sage stand-in (or),-3.0
(,"The idea behind this movie was great. The story of a little girl facing abuse (both emotional and physical) and trying to deal with it and survive. What makes the movie fall apart is the terrible use of voice overs and the corny dialog. The actors have to point out the most obvious things over and over again. Also),-3.0
(,"The main problems of 'Saw' are related to the tremendous script mistakes that only a uncritical spectator will just obviate. The main question is what's is the purpose of the killer in his lying in the middle of the floor? The film tries to show that the killer's aim is to cause evil and destruction in his victims),-2.6
(,"The most irritating thing about ""Dies d'agost"" (August Days) is not simply that NOTHING HAPPENS in this film but that director Marc Recha has the nerve to pretend that this film is some sort of homage to leftist Catalan journalist Ramon Barnils. Unless mentioning Barnils' name a few times constitutes an ""homage),-2.0
(,"This is an embarrassing nth rehashing of the same plot in the nth bunch-of-idiots-young-adult-in-peril-because-they-are-idiots slasher movie of the early millennium: this time we get the story of a crazy miner who comes back from the dead to retake his gold from the hands of the usurpers. We have almost no thrills),-2.0
(,"You can find an anti-war statement here without looking too hard; that layer is hackneyed. Or you can find a value neutral comment on the madness of war (stripped of ""judgement""); that layer is completely uninteresting.<br /><br />Or you can watch this for the darn good entertainment value of Duvall's one-liners),-0.6666666666666666
(,"never before has a film driven me to write a review but this was just dire.i stuck with it trying to find what it was about this film that made snoop pick it as his first serious role but frankly it was a poor choice.maybe this made a good book but it certainly did not work for me as a film.i found it unbelievable),-0.5
(,"I really couldn't get into this movie. The plot is some old woman has been torturing someone so long that he is deformed. She dies and he is left in the basement to starve. Months must pass and a family moves in. The daughter is blind because of an accident caused by the father. Well anyway this guy in the basement),-2.3333333333333335
(,"It sounds a bit awkward to call a film about war and holocaust shocking since many of us will know only too well of the horrors that war and violence brings. By using the adjective 'shocking' I do not intend to imply that I am surprised about the things told about in this film or that I was formerly unaware of them),-2.1666666666666665
(,"This movie was like ""The Disney Channel after Dark."" Take out the ""aren't we naughty"" language and themes and you are left with dialogue and plot devices that insult the intelligence of anyone who doesn't describe ""Saved by the Bell"" as quality television. The dialogue so laughably cliched and knowingly dirty),-0.6666666666666666
(,"A conversation about how Jan-Michael Vincent is a lush led me to foolishly re-visit this mid-90s DTV entry. A kid is traumatized when he sees an Ice Cream man gunned down in the 1950s and he grows up to be a psycho Ice Cream man (Clint Howard). Something happens and people disappear and end up in the ice cream. Blah),-1.0
(,"Now I had the pleasure of first viewing Contaminated Man when it premiered on TV back in December of 2000.<br /><br />An infectious disease expert (William Hurt) looses his family when an unknown disease enters his home and kills them. Now some years later he is now in Russia or someplace. I'm not sure where exactly),-1.0
(,"As a lover of the surreal (in art and film) I was pleased to discover this film on IFC. It is definitely a keeper. Most of the other reviews tell the general plot (not all correct) so I won't bother to bore anyone with that. The main thing is the alternate worlds concept which is brought on by Ana's impending illness),-0.75
(,"I made the big mistake of actually watching this whole movie a few nights ago. God I'm still trying to recover. This movie does not even deserve a 1.4 average. IMDb needs to have 0 vote ratings possible for movies that really deserve it like this one. A 1.4 is TOO HIGH.<br /><br />I had heard how awful this movie was),-0.5
(,"I really didn't have high expectations and I must admit that I wasn't disappointed. This movie is so terrible that I felt obligated to register an account here at IMDb just to warn others not to waste their time. The storyline is terrible and you keep asking yourself throughout the movie ""can it get any worse?"" YES),-2.0
(,"Its Christmas Eve and lazy and submissive housewife Della (Kim Basinger) receives some violent threats from her troubled and abusive husband. Leaving her twin children in bed she ventures off into the night for one last shopping spree at the local mall. Its busy there and finding a parking space is nigh on impossible),-2.2
(,"Its gonna be hard to make this fill 10 lines.... But ill give it a try (just to prevent others from making the same mistake as i did - to watch this (awful and boring) movie.<br /><br />I like Patrick swayze - he did a excellent performance in films like Ghost - Dirty Dancing - Point Break - North & South (TV series)),-0.5555555555555556
(,"People need to give this show a chance. The people who write bad reviews (there are very few of them) are clearly people who haven't seen many episodes. One needs to really sit down and pay attention to this show to appreciate it. All of the characters are realistic because they have so many flaws. They make mistakes),-0.6
(,"Reed Diamond plays a man suffering from amnesia who's been in a mental asylum for over a decade after he was found wondering the back roads with blood on his hands. The doctors want to test out an experimental new drug that'll return his lost memories if it works. But when the drugs give him hallucinations of a demon),-1.3333333333333333
(,"The film opens with the director talking to the camera and saying he is going to show a story about Brazilain street kids whose families live in poverty and must steal and kill to survive. In fact the main character (Pixote) was played by an actual street kid only 11 years old. What follows was one of the most brutal),-2.0
(,"The problem is the role of the characters in the film. Man to Man shows a British anthropologist kidnapping two pygmies and taking them to Scotland and then realising that they are not animals or subhumans but actually equal to himself. The problem is the role of the pygmies in the film - two people who are kidnapped),-2.0
(,"""Rois et Reine"" is a sprawling mess of a movie which will probably irritate as many viewers as it delights. It focuses by turns on ex-lovers Nora (Emanuelle Devos)and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric) as they each confront a major crisis in their now separate lives. While Nora's story is played straight and is sombre in tone),-1.75
(,"A refreshing interview with the legendary Italian cinematographer-producer-director who passed away in 1999 with close to 200 features to his credit as director. A large portion is spent on D'Amato's softcore sex films including his notorious EMANUELLE entries with Laura Gemser. They also briefly cover his porn career),-2.0
(,"Absolutely the most boring movie I have ever spent my money on.This was a wrong choice for all these great stars to waste their reputations on. Boring! boring! boring! Each character was portrayed in a less than inspirational way. No acting talent shown -just reading a part. Alec can play realistic characters normally),-0.2
(,"Brass pictures (movies is not a fitting word for them) really are somewhat brassy. Their alluring visual qualities are reminiscent of expensive high class TV commercials. But unfortunately Brass pictures are feature films with the pretense of wanting to entertain viewers for over two hours! In this they fail miserably),-2.0
(,"Holy crap this movie was bad. I watched it just as a joke. It isn't even so bad that it's good in an unintentional way. This film seemed to be designed to personally make me angry. It worked really well at doing that. It's as if the people who made this just took all of the really annoying stuff about the movie PRIEST),-1.25
(,"I would give this movie 5 rather than 3 if it would be at least in time... When i've seen it in first time it was just what you could wait from the work that is based not on the artistic abilities of the directors but on the idealistic or i would rather say idiotic habits of our (Kazakhstan) government... It's a shame),-1.0
(,"This piece of filth is virtually impossible to follow. The sound is crap the picture quality goes from bad to worse to good to bad again! Things happen for no apparent reason characters appear and disappear. Was the director suffering from a massive brain injury during its production?<br /><br />Poor film making aside),-1.75
(,"i can't believe that NONE of the official reviews for this movie warn people that it contains two quite upsetting sexual assault scenes. It's as though our culture accepts this kind of behavior as simply sexual but not violent. My biggest problem with the movie is that it doesn't seem to condemn these assaults - as in),-0.8333333333333334
(,"A chilling and gory tale of a couple inheriting a 150 room Italian castle while still grieving the loss of their young son. The couples marriage seems to be on the rocks due to the car accident that took the life of their son and left their daughter blind. Upon taking inventory of the castle for a future sale a hideous),-2.0
(,"An hulking alien beastie crash-lands on Earth and soon wrecks havoc upon the populace first using his laser ray gun to dissolve into dust almost every human he catches sight off (that is when his aim isn't terribly off) and later his bare claws with which he likes to rip out and eat human spleen! <br /><br />All in all),-1.0
(,"Here's another Antonioni that will be rediscovered again and again as soon as it comes out on tape or DVD. I saw it a few months ago when it ran for the first time (even in metropolitan movie capital L.A.!)for a couple of weeks and then disappeared (art house audiences seem to have opted for their own special territory),-1.0
(,"I remember this show as it became a regular viewing on a Saturday evening.<br /><br />Sabrina is a young girl who moves in with her aunts who as it turns out are witches and she is one to. So Sabrina must learn how to control hr powers and use them effectively. She also must deal with school a vicious rival named Libby),-2.0
(,"Inspired by a true story tale is full of 1970's feeling but is disjointed in the telling. This is the tale of a black college swimmer who ends up in Phillie at a closing rec center in a bad neighborhood and somehow puts together a swim team. The film staggers around blindly for the first half hour until Terrence Howard),-0.5
(,"The filming is cheesy. Some of the actors overact. Some of the actions are unexplained and unexplainable. But...<br /><br />This movie is in the mode of the psychological dramas of the 50s.<br /><br />It is a morality play. Similar to the movie in which a ""method"" actor becomes the evil character he portrays on stage),-3.0
(,"This film has an excellent premise and is really crying out to be turned into a Hollywood blockbuster. As I recall (and it's a few years since I've seen the film) the action starts with a London omnibus filled with people. There is an horrific crash and one passenger dies. The rest of the film is then told in flashback),-1.0
(,"This movie was terrible. You couldn't fast forward fast enough to get to the end of this movie. It came down to the last 20 minutes of the film and I literally hit the eject button right in the middle of the scene. It was one of the worst movies I have ever experienced. Worse than all Dean Cain films combined. To start),-3.0
(,"[WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS]<br /><br />I have this adult friend for whom the notion that her parents have sex makes her terribly uneasy. She came to mind when I reflected on the audience's reaction to ""The Mother."" <br /><br />People gasped when May (Anne Reid) writhed passionately in bed with her younger hunk lover),-3.0
(,"A typical Lanza flick that had limited audience appeal with a weak story line that was put together simply to justify Lanza's MGM contract at the time.<br /><br />As reported by member Lastliberal (above) Grayson could not stand Lanza because of his obscene advances towards her off (and sometimes on) camera. In addition),-1.6666666666666667
(,"A very high-standard Columbo story which was actually the first filmed episode of the long-running series but was originally transmitted second (after ""Murder By The Book"").<br /><br />Robert Culp makes his first of three appearances as the guest murderer in the series and plays the owner of a private detective agency),-2.0
(,"Barney is that idiot dinosaur who (unfortunaltely) didn't go extinct with the other dinosaurs many eons ago. Instead he sings stupid songs and has stupid morals about life that are 100% worthless and/or extremely dangerous: that is ""STRANGERS ARE YOUR FRIENDS YOU HAVEN'T MET YET!"". The reason why I say he's evil? Well),-2.25
(,"Director and FX man John Carl Buechler doesn't have to do much in order to terrify me; the sight of his name in the credits alone is enough to strike fear into my heart.<br /><br />His lamentable straight-to-video output in the 80s sat on the bottom shelf of the horror section at my local rental shop; twenty years later),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I can't honestly believe that this is a sequel or follow up of John Landis classic comedy horror movie from 1981 . I suppose you can't really describe it as an original werewolf movie either since the bare bones of the story steal elements from the one set in London: An American tourist visits a famous European capital ),-0.5
(,"I couldn't give this film a bad rating or bad review for two reasons: Robin Williams and Toni Collete. The film has the potential of being a thriller and there are some slight disturbing elements that lean to the psychological which was something the film could have focused a little on. Robin Williams plays Gabriel Noon),-1.5
(,"Margaret Mitchell spins in her grave every time somebody watches this mess! Fine costuming and sets can't even begin to overwhelm lackluster performances by Joanne Whalley (as the title character) and the ever-bland Timothy Dalton (as Rhett). Even worse than the acting--and perhaps partially explaining it--is the script),-2.5
(,"Surely one of the lamest shows ever to be produced on these shores and thats saying something. Even many of the lead actors didn't stick around for the duration. The fact that it ran for eight years is a sad indictment on the average intelligence and cultural nous of the Aussie viewer. It went round and round in circles),-2.0
(,"The Earth is destined to be no more thanks to Father Pergado and a bunch of Nuns. Christopher Lee (who has since said that he was duped in to appearing in this by his producers who told him loads of great actors were involved) is Father Pergado and gets to do his usual serious and scary routine. The cast are not too bad),-0.5
(,"1st watched 2/28/2006 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Sydney Pollack):-DVD version I watched titled ""3 Days of the Condor""- So so CIA drama full of laid-back performances making for a very laid-back movie. The premise of the story revolves around 7 out of 8 members of a CIA research group being killed with Robert Redford's character),-3.0
(,"After coming off the first one you think the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes. Though i guess not. If the first one wasn't bad enough this one is just so bad it hurts to watch. With all the actors they had in this film you think they could come up with something a little more clever. Though they couldn't),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I am not quite sure what to say/think about this movie. It is definitely not the worst in the series (there's still ""Halloween 3""). The style is just very different and it focuses on other elements than its predecessor did. It tries to explain why Michael Myers freaks out on Halloween and starts butchering around. Well),-3.0
(,"I cannot believe that I wasted five hours of my life on this rubbish. The previous five day offering by this author was highly enjoyable and I was really looking forward to this. But most of the dialogue was completely incomprehensible. Suranne Jones was the principal culprit since she either mumbled or gabbled her lines),-2.0
(,"I saw this last night at the Tribeca Film Fest and holy god was it bad.. From the script to the editing to the acting to the cinematography-- none of it worked. Not to mention the set design/costumes were so distractingly wrong for the time period (it spans the years from the late 70s up until 2006 or so). Even John Hurt),-0.5
(,"The Haunting is yet another bad horror remake with phony overdone special effects and a big cast of on screen favorites and has no redeeming qualities whatsoever except maybe for the cinematography.Yes remakes aren't all bad but remakes directed by Jion Da Bont definitely are.I suppose that the A-List actors (Liam Neeson),-0.8
(,"This is a mildly interesting late 80's gore fest featuring some nasty slugs with a taste for human blood. If you can get past the ridiculousness of the whole thing you might actually get some minor enjoyment out of this. The acting is awful and the plot is simply there to hold the movie together between gory slug attacks),-1.25
(,"i would have to say that this is the first quality romantic-comedy i have ever seen. it had depth and although you knew from the beginning who was going to end up together there was still longing and anticipation. the thought that maybe they won't get together... it is an indie film after all. this movie was well written),-1.0
(,"Got to confess right up front that I didn't watch this entire movie. I missed the first hour during a Sci Fi Channel broadcast. Or was I spared the first hour? The other reviewers sum this one up nicely. It was badly conceived. Badly scripted. Badly acted.<br /><br />But the worst thing for me was the ADR. The entire film),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Having read most of the comments I feel like I have a word to say as well.<br /><br />What bothers me most is that most people here are think that this movie is either pro or con to the subject of death penalty and whether it worked with them. I remember having read an article back in 1995 when the film was published (yes),-0.6
(,"The movie confuses religious ethics and ideals so much that it fails to create coherent argument against the death penalty on any level. By presenting the lawful execution of a convicted murder as the catalyst for the apocalyptic end of mankind the movie elevates a parent killer to the status of martyr for Christ. Somehow),-2.0
(,"This is just the same old crap that is spewed from amateur idiots who have no clue how to make a movie--gee maybe that's why it is a straight-to-video wanna-be movie!<br /><br />I guess it is my fault for actually spending money to see it (one of the worst decisions I have ever made). What a waste. I usually like B movies),-1.25
(,"This movie came very close to being a good flick. The direction needs to be a bit smoother to progress from one piece to the next to make it more plausible. In particular: The main character's need to escape is not explicit enough. Is he trying to kill himself? Is he trying to escape? His life does not seem to be that bad),-0.4
(,"We saw La Spettatrice last night @ the Chicago International Film Festival & we were both immensely moved by it. This is a haunting tale of loneliness & missed connection in which the longing for intimacy conflicts with our fear of revealing too much about ourselves to another. The three leads (Barbora Bobulova as Valeria),-1.2
(,"i don't really know where to start here.just imagine a movie that is so bad in every way from the acting to the props to the story that it makes you angry. This is one of the worst movies that i have ever seen and that is saying a lot because i have seen some bad ones. when i saw this movie i knew it was a blade knock off),-3.0
(,"I will just start with some quotes from other reviewers that describes it the best.<br /><br />""This is easily one of the most overrated films of the year and probably the worst film Tarantino has ever done."" ""The ONLY good thing in this movie was the performance of Mr. Waltz"".<br /><br />""So I was really disappointed),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I've been trying to track down this film just by googling bad phrases about ""teenagers seduce and kill man in his house"" and such. I think I first saw parts of this film when I was about 10 years old when it was running on cable. It made quite an impression! It's the kind of film that kids know they shouldn't be watching),-1.3333333333333333
(,"The story is about a working girl (Ann Sothern) who has a pretty thoughtless boyfriend (Paul Kelly). This boyfriend is so busy trying to start his own business that again and again he forgets dates or shows up late. The final straw is when Sothern has a birthday and Kelly says he's too busy to take her out to celebrate. So),-0.5
(,"This might be my favorite so bad it's awesome film of all time. like many pre-teen children of the 80's repeat viewing of revenge of ninja spawned a ninja phase of my childhood. Man i thought Sho k. was badass back then. Jet Li could wup him with both legs in a cast! This movie has insane crossovers that include flashdance),-0.2857142857142857
(,"This movie is another Christian propaganda film in the line of The Omega Code. Not that that is necessarily bad but for the fact that most propaganda films sacrifice sincerity and realism for the message they wish to deliver. If you enjoy a styrofoam portrayal of life on the streets and the way the Gospel can change a life),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This was the third Muppet movie and the last one Jim Henson was around to take part in the making of before his premature death in 1990. The first three films starring the famous characters were all made and released into theatres before I was born. I originally saw the first and second installments in the original trilogy),-2.0
(,"*WARNING* Contains MANY SPOILERS!<br /><br />Let me start by saying I have a huge respect for Gillian Anderson's incredible talent as a varied and versatile actress - which is why I cannot comprehend her reasons for agreeing to make this film once she saw the script (or lack thereof.) <br /><br />The premise of the film was),-0.5
(,"Corey Haim plays a kid who teams up with a dog to take out a giant troll and OSA hit-man (Michael Ironside) with a 30/30 and homemade bombs (Which plays plausible considering Haim) Oh and he also protects his mother and girlfriend as well in this watchable yet disappointing adaption of a decent story. Corey Haim is terrible),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I can see what this film was intending to do. Unfortunately it just never quite completes the deal. The ""reality crime"" aspect works fine and the shots are all first rate. In fact quite a few of the scenes are incredibly evocative in a moody sort of way. Notably the silhouette of the detective talking to the beat up woman),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Rs.30/- is all I paid as rent for the DVD of the movie and believe me it is not worth it.<br /><br />Bollywood directors think that showing fools is funny? well it is not. Please grow up.<br /><br />Here goes a dialog from the movie -'AGAR TUM LADKEE KO IJJAT DOGE TO LADKEE TUMHE APNI IJJAT DEGI'.<br /><br />Plot is useless),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Since Siskel's death and Ebert's absence the show has been left in the incapable hands of Richard Roeper. Roeper is not a film critic he just criticizes anything he doesn't like personally i.e. films with country music get panned because ""I don't like country music!"" and children's movies get a standard ""Don't see it now),-0.6666666666666666
(,"There really is only one reason to watch this barely adequate and utterly predictable movie about an uptight chef Kate Armstrong (Catherine Zeta Jones) whose life changes when she inherits her orphaned niece Zoe (Abigail Breslin) after her sister is killed in a car wreck. And that reason is to watch Aaron Eckhart (Nick) who),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This inferior sequel based by the characters created by David Selzer and Harvey Bernhard(also producer) concern on a matrimony named Gene(Michael Woods) and Karen York(Faye Grant). They adopt a little girl named Delia from a convent. Gene York about re-elect for congressman and he presides the financing committee. Meanwhile),-0.5
(,"This is one seriously disturbed movie. Even Though the boys deserved some of what they got.....the sadistic gruesome executions were ""slightly"" over the top. The only character showing some conscience early in the hunt was killed off before he could offer some help to the sad plot.<br /><br />At the beginning of the movie),-1.25
(,"You think the police are always right.<br /><br />You believe that ""eye-witnesses"" are always right.<br /><br />You believe the prosecutors will not take a case to court if lazy police have failed to perform 98% of a basic investigation.<br /><br />You believe a U.S. city might have a ""few bad apples"" in law enforcement),-2.0
(,"Closet Land is a nasty piece of work with superb actors. Nothing more (or less) happens in the movie besides the unending abuse of an attractive woman prisoner by a sadistic police official. The setting is minimalist. This might be considered soft core S&M porn because the drama is devoid of all reference points such as time),-0.75
(,"H.G. Wells story the shape of things to come was made into a movie in 1935.very well made science fiction tale about a war that lasts for decades.great cast includes;Raymond Massey(arsenic and old lace) Sir Cedric Hardwick(ghost of Frankenstein)Ralph Richardson(time bandits) and Margaretta Scott.early glimpses of helicopters),-1.5
(,"I LOVE this movie. and Disney channel is ridiculous for not playing it anymore. I think they should definitely put Susie Q back on the air at least one night so we can record it!!! but if not does anyone know where I can find it?? my email is cristin6891@aim.com please email me if you know where i can find this movie. Online),-1.0
(,"This is one of the most hilariously bad movies I have ever had the privilege to see.<br /><br />I watched this on DVD with a bunch of friends one Friday night and we just couldn't stop laughing from start to finish.<br /><br />The story is simple enough: terrorists hijack a convoy they think is carrying weapons grade uranium),-1.0
(,"*SPOILERS*<br /><br />I'm sure back when this was released in 1958 it was much appropriate for its time. Back then films were slower paced to allow audiences to follow and analyze the story. Here a man moves into a house owned by his last wife that died mysteriously with his new wife. The gardener Mickey (played by Alex Nicol),-1.0
(,"Bill Rebane's ""The Capture of Bigfoot"" is one of the most awful horror movies ever made.A greedy sawmill owner Harvey Olsen(Richard Kennedy)decides that he wants Bigfoot captured at all costs.However local game ranger Dave Garrett(Stafford Morgan)learns that the Bigfoot used to live in peace upset by a geological expedition),-1.25
(,"Boy what a dud this mess was.But it only lasts an hour and I only paid a buck for it so I'll live....unlike the entire cast of this 1933 clunker who are all dust by now.<br /><br />So anyway a small village starts having bodies turning up that have been drained of all their blood.The local yokels start talking about vampires ),-2.0
(,"I really don't understand all these positive user reviews. This movie is the worst movie I've ever seen and I'm not trying to be pessimistic.<br /><br />Eva Mendez is hot but terrible in this film. But I don't think it is her own fault but the directors. He have somehow managed to make everything look artificial; their acting),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I watched this because I thought there were going to be a lot of car chases and cool cars to gawk at. Guess I was lied to. This movie is very boring.<br /><br />The movie starts out Kip Raines(Giovanni Ribisi) sitting outside a Porsche dealership checking to see if they have the right car. When they confirm it's the right one),-0.5
(,"We'll never know The Truth about 9/11. And this shoddy movie proves it.<br /><br />I recently watched a YouTube report claiming there were no planes involved in the Twin Towers' destruction; that all the news programs were supposedly provided with same-angle shots of the Towers from a mysterious source (probably the gubmint?)),-1.0
(,"""A young woman unwittingly becomes part of a kidnapping plot involving the son of a movie producer she is babysitting. The kidnappers happen to be former business partners of the son's father and are looking to exact some revenge on him. Our babysitter must bide her time and wait to see what will become of the son and herself),-2.0
(,"Bizarre Tobe Hooper exercise regarding an unfortunate young man(Brad Dourif)with the ability to set people on fire. This ability stems from parents who partook in atomic experiments in the 50's. They die of Spontaneous Human Combustion and it seems that what Sam is beginning to suffer from derives by these pills his girlfriend),-0.25
(,"I think it's two years ago since I have seen the movie and till this day it's the worst film I have ever seen. The only thing I thought after seeing this movie was that it was made for some tax reason. So after all this time I finally spilled my gut ;) And now IMDb says I have to fill 10 lines with comments:<br /><br />""Sorry),-3.0
(,"I was Stan in the movie ""Dreams Come True"". Stan was the friend that worked at the factory with the main character and ended getting his arm smashed in the machinery and got carried out screaming (where was the ambulance?) The acting in this movie was for the most part pretty poor with mostly local actors from the Fox Valley),-1.0
(,"Respected western auteur Budd Boetticher is woefully out of place with this choppy modern day cops and robbers story that suffers from a strong lack of emotional believability. Boetticher seems to have waived rehearsal time and settled for the first take as leads Joe Cotton and Rhonda Fleming put little effort into their roles),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The Bone Collector is set in New York City & starts as one of the world's foremost criminologist's & crime scene experts Lincoln Rhyme (Denzel Washington) is involved in an accident which leaves him a bedridden quadriplegic. Jump forward four years & Alan (Gary Swanson) & his wife Lindsay Rubin (Olivia Birkelund) are kidnapped),-2.5
(,"The headline describes it exactly. This dribble of a film was nothing more than the typical 'group of teens killed someone accidentally now that someone is haunting/killing them off 20 years later' crap that has been shoved down our throats for decades. The only twist is instead of an angry ex-classmate or lovable psycho/loser),-1.6
(,"This is one of the best movies out there and that's saying a lot being that it was for television. I really wish it was on d.v.d.<br /><br />Helen Hunt gave such a raw performance. She played a rookie cop thrown into serial killer case perfectly. When she falls apart because he kills another kid it was amazing. She is so alone),-0.25
(,"We screened this movie in a club as an example of how classic literature can become twisted into some of the most awful movies of all time. Just the fact that the back of the box proudly proclaimed the plot to be set in the ""techno-futile"" future should have been enough of a hint. I think that word describes the movie itself),-0.5
(,"A virtual carbon copy of The Cave save for a fewer lower budget effects and a slightly different plot. I knew the movie was going downhill when I saw the fake campfire flikering lights clearly reflected in a facial close up of one of the actors. The conflicts between characters and subplots seemed to serve no purpose whatsoever),-0.6
(,"Absolutely corrosive! Director Arthur Hiller and writer Paddy Chayefsky dismantle the American hospital system with this wicked comedy/drama/whodunit. The hospital depicted here is fraught with problems...from protesting neighbors to irate patients to a potential serial killer on the loose. George C. Scott is the top doctor who),-1.25
(,"It's interesting how 90% of the high-vote reviews are all comprised of ""*random username*"" from ""United States"" (no state pride??) who all say more or less the exact same thing with the exact same grammatical style and all with the exact same complete lack of taste in movies. I would delve further into this suspicious trend),-0.75
(,"Lets first start this review with the fact that I SIGNED UP JUST TO WRITE THE REVIEW AND WARN PEOPLE TO SAVE Their MONEY!!<br /><br />This was one of the worst pieces of trash i have seen since The Hulk. The storyline was the most predictable garbage you could possibly come up with. If you are expecting 24 but on the big screen),-1.0
(,"Sugar &Spice is one of the worst movies of 2001. The film tries to cross Heathers and Bring It On and fails . When I saw last January I was so disgusted by the film that I walked and talked on my cell phone to my girlfriend for the last half hour of the movie. I've heard that the DVD has a director's cut maybe I'll check it out),-2.25
(,"Thanks should be given to the Hong Kong VCD/DVD distributors that I only paid US$1.4 and I could have such a surprisingly delightful enjoyment.<br /><br />Adultery? How common in our modern days. Eva grabbed her two children and kidnapped Nick to chase after Luis and Charlotte to Italy. She wants her revenge done but at the end),-2.0
(,"This film is a disaster from beginning to end. 75 percent of the movie is made from scenes taken from HERCULES & THE HAUNTED WORLD and HERCULES & THE CAPTIVE WOMEN badly edited together with original scenes that do not add up to anything but a complete rip-off. I'm a big fan of those two movies and seeing scenes taken from them),-0.25
(,"This film is by far the worst film I have ever seen in my life. A woman ""The EX"" pretends to be a number of people in order to gain access to her ex-husband. Killing people for no- reason in baths to achieve her goal. The women I don't think ever went to acting college. She just spends the whole film making stupid expressions),-1.0
(,"This is the worst movie I have ever seen. A movie that is about a stupid looking monster from the ocean that threatens a small town which has to be filled with the dumbest people on earth.<br /><br />SPOILERS IF YOU EVEN CARE<br /><br />They can't even kill the damn thing by the end of the movie. The movie ends and they're like),-2.0
(,"Eastenders has gone full circle from unmissable in 1985 to totally abysmal now. It's such a bad reflection of the nation this crap tops the ratings.<br /><br />The ideas for plots can consist of nothing more trivial than putting ever characters name in a hat. The first two out (regardless of their sex) will sleep with each other),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I disagree 100% with the reviewer who disagreed 100% with the reviewer who gave this short movie an ""F"" grade. Cashing in heavily on political propaganda only obscures Joe Dante's lack of ability to pull another Howling out of his bag of tricks. The Masters of Horror series was a phenomenal collection of truly horrifying tales),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I quote Oedpius Rex because it is a tragedy that this film was even made!!!<br /><br />This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen! I am in no way an Uwe Boll hater like most of the humourless people on IMDb! <br /><br />Uwe Boll movies like Postal and Tunnel Rats are hilariously bad and therefore entertaining. But honestly),-0.8333333333333334
(,"Have to disagree with people saying that this is a lousy horror film with good acting and camera-work - I'd say it's an okay horror flick RUINED by shockingly abysmal acting and poor camera-work - watch 'Ju-on : The Grudge instead of wasting your time with this garbage. The principal idea behind the film is rather an original one),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Having sat and watched this film I can only wonder at the reasons for creating the film. This was without a doubt one of the worst films I've ever seen and had no redeeming features.<br /><br />If it was supposed to be funny then it might have managed to be a very weak comedy but as an action thriller it was dire.<br /><br />Slow),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I did a review for this director's fictional recreation about BTK. I had also seen this movie and it was terrible. Please save your money and time. This movie was terrible and this director is untalented. I do not understand how he is funding these movies. They are horrible. I have decided to make sure that I check who the writer),-0.5
(,"I truly despair for womankind when they discuss this joke of a programme as if it's intellectually engaging and promotes female liberation and independence. This show is the biggest insult to women next to all those libidinous hip-hop videos. If talking like a bunch of reckless teenage boys over $100 lunches in swanky restaurants),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I've seen some bad things in my time. A half dead cow trying to get out of waist high mud; a head on collision between two cars; a thousand plates smashing on a kitchen floor; human beings living like animals.<br /><br />But never in my life have I seen anything as bad as The Cat in the Hat.<br /><br />This film is worse than 911),-2.0
(,"It's quite simple that those who call this movie anything below ""decent"" do not know their cinema. ""The Doll Master"" creates a sense of dread and suspense rarely seen in movies outside of Asia.<br /><br />Think of a mixture of ""Manga"" and ""Ringu"" rolled into one and this is what its all about.<br /><br />First rate acting),-2.0
(,"They made me watch this in school and it was terrible. The movie is outdated. The episodes become confusing because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.The teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was a painfully boring experience.I have read that very few people who appear in this are actors),-2.5
(,"""Carriers"" follows the exploits of two guys and two gals in a stolen Mercedes with the words road warrior on the hood hightailing it down the highway for the beach with surfboards strapped to the top of their car. Brian (Chris Pine of ""Star Trek"") is driving and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo of ""Coyote Ugly"")has shotgun),-0.6666666666666666
(,"""The Lady from Shanghai"" is well known as one of Hollywood's most troubled productions. Welles' original cut was taken away by the producers and cut to ribbons. This made the already muddled mystery story even more difficult to keep track of. They post dubbed a good amount of his dialog because of the density of the Irish accent),-0.4
(,"I gave it a seven only because the acting is good. And of course by that I mean Wilkinson. The other two principals were ""decent"". But the characters themselves...what on earth was so bad about the character Wilkinson played (James Manning)? I didn't see him behaving like the martinet Emily Watson accused him of being. Bill Bule),-1.0
(,"Nothing is worse than the genocides of our world's history. This film attempts to describe the horror faced by one particular family - a common narrative device - in the atomic bomb world of Hiroshima. The most memorable parts are the graphic and saddening images that the people of Hiroshima face in the aftermath of war. The story),-2.0
(,"The plot has something about white hunters captured by a tribe of white women in the African jungle/ plains.Its a turkey and the some. What it really is is wildly mismatched footage from early sound and silent films mixed with badly shot recent(to the release) footage of men on a safari. There are scenes of a man in a gorilla suit),-3.0
(,"This is the worst waste of time I've ever experienced. not even close to the first one. The story line difficult to follow - plot was weak - at best. The whole thing looked like three stories trying some way to tie them together and make a movie. It had a few good lines here and there - and the attempt at the message was admirable),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie has got to go down in the history of bad movies as the worst one I've ever seen. It wasn't even a bad b movie...I would have rated it at as a z. The special effects were ridiculous...err if you could even call them special effects. I think the reviewer before hit the nail on the head...it was the box that sold the movie),-3.0
(,"A bloody maniac with cannibalistic tendencies rapes a woman. He's been shot by two policemen and then he is risen from the grave because of some sort of satanic ceremonial rite preformed by an evil heresy. The hunting of women continues by this zombie-demon. The sacrificed baby returns from the grave and wants the maniac dead again),-2.6
(,"Grosse Pointe Blank was really quite a below average film. Its hit man theme is very dry and is more like a romantic comedy than a hit man thriller. The acting is very normal. The performances are extremely embarrassing at times with many characters seeming very 'eccentric' and that really annoyed me. The whole reunion and the 'Wow),-0.25
(,"I have to say that the events of 9/11 didn't hit me until I saw this documentary. It took me a year to come to grips with the devastation. I was the one who was changing the station on the radio and channel on TV if there was any talk about the towers. I was sick of hearing about it. When this was aired on TV a year and a day later),-2.0
(,"It pains me to say this about an Australian film but Mr. Accident ranks with the worst of the worst films I have ever seen. What's even more tragic is that it doesn't fit into the 'it's so bad it's good' category. What annoys me the most about this film is the fairly large amount of money that has been frittered away on a pointless),-2.0
(,"Pros: Nothing<br /><br />Cons: Everything<br /><br />Plot summary: A female reporter runs into a hitchhiker that tells her stories about the deaths of people that were killed by zombies.<br /><br />Review: Never in my life have I come across a movie as bad The Zombie Chronicles. Filmed on a budget of what looks to be about 20 bucks),-3.0
(,"STAR RATING: ***** The Works **** Just Misses the Mark *** That Little Bit In Between ** Lagging Behind * The Pits <br /><br />Some plutonium's gone missing and some very nasty people now have the means to develop a bomb capable of wholesale destruction- so Josh McCord (Chuck Norris) and his cocky young protégé Deke (Judson Mills),-1.4
(,"The Deadly Wake is THE PERFECT MOVIE for film students... to learn how NOT to make a film!<br /><br />Let's see... what did the crew mess up in this flick? Worst music mix Worst editing Worst script WORST ALL-TIME DIRECTING Worst acting Worst choreography Worst cinematography Worst props Worst sets Worst lighting Etc. Let's face it),-2.0
(,"This is a confused and incoherent mess of interminable scenes of boring dialogues and monologues. That is no exaggeration: you have to make a tremendous effort to even try to become involved with it.<br /><br />I sincerely thought Fassbinder would make something interesting in order to tell why does Erwin/Elvira suicides at the end),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This movie is very modern and forward. It is about 75% in English. It is aimed at English-speaking multiplex-going young audience. Basic plot is similar to DDLJ. Acting is below average.<br /><br />Unfortunately they are portraying a wrong picture and setting a bad example for the youngsters. Tanisha is shown drinking from a bottle),-2.5
(,"Why???? What a disgusting joke of a supposed movie...from the poster it looked like a cute movie.. what a disappointment.. who the heck is the male lead? He looks like an old retarded retired reject cop... I am a cop and I can tell.. the man can't act... go back to being a cop..no screen presence.. why did they show his bare ass so),-0.25
(,"(WARNING - CONTAINS MILD SPOILER) A movie almost designed to make you pause and check your recollection of it - it's confined to an almost empty motel where the huge courtyard resembles a circus ring and the rooms seem like temporary withdrawal points rather than refuges; as the characters become increasingly preoccupied by the past),-0.25
(,"After seeing this piece of crap you will know why the limeys drive on the left side of the street...this movie is an absolute NO-BRAINER! The jokes (if this is the right word for it...) are mostly sub-standard (about 98%) and do miss any punch-line at all. Save the money and get drunk. You might enjoy this movie being totally wasted),-0.6
(,"Commissaire Mattei(André Bourvil) is a single with a little gun who loves cats and his boss at the Paris police department is a philosopher who knows that even the police becomes sooner or later guilty. That is what the film is all about. And a jewel robbery at the place Vendome.<br /><br />Corey (Delon) brings the plan from prison),-0.6666666666666666
(,"DO NOT WATCH THIS SAD EXCUSE FOR A FILM. I have wasted time and money on this and am pretty p**sed off about it.<br /><br />The acting is comparable with high school plays. The script is shocking. There is no plot. Twenty minutes from the end (which I believe I should be rewarded for reaching) I had a headache from all the screaming),-0.16666666666666666
(,"De Grønne slagtere or The Green Butchers as it is called in English is a very dark comedy about two losers who work for a popular butcher. They are fed up with their bosses criticism and decide to start a business on their own. Their shop is expensive and it doesn't even have electricity all over the place. And to make things worse),-0.25
(,"I may differ from many people on this board but I enjoy watching Mind Of Mencia. The reason I like Mind Of Mencia is the host is not afraid to speak his mind or exploit stereotypes. Carlos Mencia does what we all do with our friends but are unwilling to admit and then some.<br /><br />Mencia has no problem doing jokes about any race),-0.25
(,"I missed the beginning of the film. I came in when the partisan's were in the farm house. I can truthfully say that it was horrifying. The moral ramifications are staggering. <br /><br />My fear of pain and torture leave me unable to see myself other than cowardly. I see the Christ like ability that was depicted by the brave patriot),-0.625
(,"I simply cannot believe the number of people comparing this favourably with the first film. It moved me to leave this comment! This is just an obvious attempt to cash-in on the success of the first film. The dialogue is appalling and nothing like as authentic or compelling as the original film.<br /><br />The storyline is ridiculous),-0.4
(,"Most horror movies are in fact horrible movies. They get to be same ol'-same ol'. Same ol' pack every minute with some cheap thrill (usually 'splatter') and nowadays they can pack every second with gaudy special effects. One of the goals of a really good horror flick is to suspend the sense of disbelief of the audience. For instance),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Most of what has been said about the negative aspects of the film hold true.<br /><br />BUT .... If I have to sit through a movie were the:<br /><br />Director<br /><br />Director of Photography<br /><br />Editor<br /><br />Can't EVEN miss the darn Microphone Boom popping in and out of the movie for almost every Chapter of the movie),-2.0
(,"The worst movie ever?? HARDLY!!! This is one of the BEST animated movies i have ever seen! It has appearances from all the great characters from the animated tv series Rainbow Brite. Very safe for small children and the colors capture their attention like no other! There is an evil Princess trying to steal the diamond planet Spectra),-0.25
(,"This film could of been a hell of a lot better if they didn't use Brian Conley as a gangster and if they didn't start the film with Christopher Biggins.<br /><br />When I watched this film I had absolutely no idea what was going on. There were too many double crosses and plot twists to make the film believable. The film deserves a 0),-1.0
(,"This is one of the worst B slashers I've ever seen in my life. The ending is something you have to see to believe.<br /><br />The movie starts with Harry Standing and Phillip Standing sitting on the stairs with their mother watching their father come down the chimney while dressed in a Santa suit. He puts the presents under the tree),-3.0
(,"This was by far one of the worst movies Sandra Bullock has starred in. Ben Affleck should stay behind the camera and continue writing scripts. This is definitely his forte and acting is not. I actually lasted 54 minutes into this movie before I was so bored with it I felt compelled to leave the theater. It's a bore from beginning to),-1.4
(,"it brings to mind the writings of Stephen King and the remembered childhoods filled with terror from stories like IT - as the exact opposite. There is no terror in these childhoods that any of the friends - who are still friends 20 years up the line - remember or seem to suffer from. Up the line all is described as friendly jostling),-0.8333333333333334
(,"Overambitious and shoddy; and at times too darkly lit. DARK REALITY'S scenario is not even close to being original. Dark and dank basement. Kidnapped prisoners. Fearful survival. Carey(Alisha Seton)tells her family and friends she will be backpacking across Europe. She doesn't make it out of town. She is grabbed from a rainy sidewalk),-1.0
(,"STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning <br /><br />Marshall Lawson (Steven Seagal) is assigned to France on a reconaissance mission along with three new young strike-team recruits after disobeying a direct order from above. However the night before they're due to strike),-1.0
(,"Thats not saying much. This Killjoy film has better cinematography and is more professional looking than the last. That doesn't mean it's more professional sounding. That horrible last film was about gangsters killing a kid and then being haunted by a voodoo clown. I thought the guy that played Killjoy in the last one was a bad actor),-1.8
(,"This is perhaps the most ridiculous crap I have ever watched. Three unconnected stories about completely stupid and random things are occasionally interrupted by a bus and a boring monologue about relationships by a stupid man. Christ knows why so many people got involved in this. Highlights: Green fridge man reading Jean-Paul Sartre),-2.5
(,"This is the worst adaption of a classic story I have ever seen. They needlessly modernize it and some points are actually just sick.<br /><br />The songs rarely move along the story. They seem to be thrown in at random. The flying scene with Marley is pointless and ludicrous.<br /><br />It's not only one of the worst movies I've seen),-3.0
(,"This...thing. oh god this thing. i can't even call it a movie. a movie is something that does something. goes somewhere. has some semblance of a plot or SOMETHING. i don't know how i'm doing it. i really don't. first i say dark fields is the worst movie ever. and i thought it was. then pirates of ghost island proved me wrong. and now),-1.0
(,"Unbelievably awful film. I watched part of this on T.V. recently. My jaw dropped as I watched a horrendously conceived plot and listened to mind-numbing drivel. Not a single line from the master of one-liners could come close to producing anything resembling a chuckle. It was so bad it made me want to exhume Rodney Dangerfield's body),-1.6666666666666667
(,"A group of model-caliber San Francisco women who have been friends since elementary school are suddenly being threatened and attacked by someone sending them bizarre Valentine's Day cards. Who is the killer and why is the killer after them? <br /><br />My rating will often change on subsequent viewings of a film--sometimes slightly up),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Following his role in the fine caper SEVEN THIEVES (1960) – which I’ve watched several years back – Edward G. Robinson seemed to be stuck playing elderly criminal mastermind types (apart from the odd juicy role as in THE CINCINNATI KID [1965]). I’d previously watched the pretty good “Euro-Cult” effort GRAND SLAM (1967) and),-0.16666666666666666
(,"I am stunned at the negative comments that I have read and can only assume that the people making such comments were less than honest. This is the most moving and real portrayal of Joseph Smith that I have ever seen. It was well acted to the point that at times I forgot that I was watching a movie. It brought Joseph's life of hardship),-2.0
(,"I did not quite get Barnens O  it is one of the weirdest ones I have watched. The soundtrack was quite unusual as well  written and performed by Jean Michel Jarre - it makes the movie weirder than it was. I have to admit that I was almost going to change it and watch another one instead at times the movie seemed plain dumb to me),-2.0
(,"I saw this in 1993 on a VHS tape but have been unable to find it at any source since. This is a very bleak and uncompromising look at the last days of the Japanese Army in the Phillipines. Anyone with an interest in the Pacific war would do well to view this film and see what conditions the other side fought under.From what I can tell),-0.5
(,"It has said that The Movies and Baseball both thrived during The Great Depression. It appears that the grim realities of a Nation caught up in the aftermath of this Economic Disaster created a need for occasional relief for the populace. A temporary escape could be found in the on going soap opera that is Baseball.<br /><br />Likewise),-1.0
(,"My personal opinion is that this movie had no real story line to the first john carpenter's vampires but i don't care I LOVED IT. Jon Bon Jovi (Derek) was great in this movie. He really mad me believe that he was the person you would never think he was a famous ROCKSTAR. There were some bad things about this movie. Like the story line),-0.4
(,"The unfunniest so called comedy I've ever seen<br /><br />Not a patch on the naturalism of the hilariously dare Twin Town<br /><br />Vegas I ;like normally but this script is so dire so predictable so well English in the worst way (In recent years the English films have been awful all of them) Ireland at least produced the commitments),-2.0
(,"As I sit back after watching Wong Kar-wai's 1994 movie Ashes of Time  more specifically the 2008 re-edit and re-release with the word 'Redux' slapped on the end of the title  I wonder what went wrong. I wonder why the film just didn't work out at all. I wonder why the movie failed to score any major points in my book. In particular),-2.0
(,"Holy @#%& this movie was still warm and juicy from the pile it was made with. I tried to watch this pile of festering waste but found it easier to slash my wrists and slug back a shooter of Lysol floor cleaner than endure more than half of the crap that was on my screen. I rank this well below anything I have ever watched on film or TV),-0.6
(,"I can't believe I watched this expecting more. It starts out OK. This movie pushes the limits of reality way to far!! At least the first one was somewhat realistic. It rips off the first movie and even mentions the Joshua Project. Anyone who knows anything about computers will hate this movie. It does have one good message in it though),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I knew full well when I rented this DVD that it could very well be one of the worst movies I've seen in my life. But to say that it was one of the worst movies I've ever viewed would be putting it lightly. I'm wondering if there isn't some legal action that can be taken against the individuals that allowed this film to produced. I mean),-1.6666666666666667
(,"The film version of 'Rising Damp' came out two years after the television series ended. Like many fans I duly went along to the cinema when it opened. I came away bitterly disappointed. Eric Chappell could not have spent very much time writing the script; most of it is rehashed ideas from old episodes. At the time of the film's release),-2.0
(,"This is one of those movies you think that the makers would refuse to release it because it is so terrible. Obviously they were thinking that children are stupid and are excellent for absorbing endless ads and would think they are entertainment because it is slapstick funny. What is it with the talking car with buttons that say Wendy's),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie is an idiotic attempt at some kind of action thriller. A tour bus on its way to Las Vegas is attacked by a group of white trash hijackers driving dune buggies. They drive them out into the desert and then steal all of their valuables. The plot changes constantly. One minute they are looking to kidnap a rich ranchers daughter),-0.4
(,"Why did the histories of Mary and Rhoda have to be so dour? Divorced women with indifferent daughters. And why very little reference to the original show and characters? The daughter characters were silly and uninteresting. Why can't there ever be daughters who like their mother's on TV? It makes sense that Mary would leave Minneapolis),-0.5
(,"""Winchester '73"" marked the first of a series of westerns involving James Stewart and director Anthony Mann. As in most of them Stewart's hero has an violent edge that threatens to explode at any time.<br /><br /> The title refers to a ""one in a thousand"" rifle that is up for competition at a rifle shoot held in Dodge City on July 4),-1.0
(,"I do not write reviews here often but I can not stand by and let other people suffer through this movie without a least trying to warn them. This movie is horrible and it is not because ""I do not know what the director was trying to convey"" or ""I am too stupid to understand the plot""; this movie is horrible because of poor direction),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I don't know anything of the writer's or the director's earlier work so I hadn't brought any prejudices to the film. Based on the brief description of the plot in TV Guide I thought it might be interesting.<br /><br />But implausibility was piled upon implausibility. Each turn of the plot seemed to be an excuse to drag in more bloodshed),-1.0
(,"I saw this film when it first came out and hated it. I just saw it again 27 years later. I actually liked some of it... although Robin Williams was totally wrong for the role... What I remember most about hating the film is that it was almost the complete opposite of what I had understood when I read the book. Since I haven't re-read it),-1.5
(,"Pun intended. This low budget action/horror vehicle for Don Wilson's ability to kick things is the stuff direct-to-video fare is made of.<br /><br />The plot: Wilson is a humorless vampire hunter who comes under fire from local law enforcement after he is forced to slaughter creatures of the night in view of the public. Police chase him),-0.3333333333333333
(,"SPOILER NOTHING BUT SPOILER<br /><br />I have to add my name to the list of folks who feel that the other viewers just don't get it. But no one has even mentioned the ""s"" word so far as I have seen.<br /><br />While I agree that the kid died I think we can be more specific: he committed suicide. He races down the slope in an old wagon),-0.5
(,"1) If you want to make a movie that deals with social realism it's quite important that the audience identify with the characters that are being portrayed. 2) The audience can't identify with characters that are highly stereotyped or with situations that are to obvious. 3) If you got a bad actor then you can't build any character. Anyway),-0.5
(,"I enjoyed this movie. Haven't seen Andy Griffith in ages and felt he fit this role perfectly. I've associated him with comedy but am pleased to see that he's versatile.<br /><br />I wasn't troubled that Dotty's ""anxiety disorder"" may not have been verbatim from a psychiatric textbook. There are zillions of whatever-phobias and neuroses),-0.16666666666666666
(,"I know a lot of people would claim certain films as 'the worst of all time' but I think Redneck stakes a claim for this prize. A combination of quite dreadful acting from both Mark Lester and Telly Savales and plot progression that defies belief.<br /><br />On Telly Saveles: was he drunk when he acted in this? He seems to play a slurring),-1.75
(,"I think they really let the quality of the DVD production get away from them. I rented this DVD from 2 movie stores and the second time I finally got it to play on the 3rd DVD player I tried.<br /><br />Anyone else have this issue? It's really hard to give the film an un-biased review after going through such a hassle to play it. For one),-1.0
(,"It takes an eternity for this typically over-simplistic and idiotic Stephen King-based film to finally get out of the starting blocks. About half-an-hour is spent on needless introductions to various boring characters and their irrelevant little personal problems that might excite bored housewives and apathetic pensioners in soapy dramas),-1.6666666666666667
(,"J Carol Nash and Ralph Morgan star in a movie about a mad scientist in love with a pianist's daughter. When his advances are spurned he injects the father with a disfiguring disease so that she will be forced to come to him to get a cure.<br /><br />God this is awful.Its dull and boring and you'll nod off before the pianist gets uglified),-1.2
(,"OK this movie had a terrible premise. Be serious according to the movie they had just been through an apocalyptic war yet they have money to buy huge robots and pit them against each other. Each country decides instead of investing into rebuilding their country they would rather fight with robots no one could afford. Here's a better idea),-0.8571428571428571
(,"Subject matter: Worthwhile Acting: Fair (some of it) Plot: Ridiculous <br /><br />Details: Sound goes from screechingly high to nearly inaudible; music is not altogether awful (but mostly is); dialog and characterization are laughable; the main character's process of discovery is blindingly obvious to everyone but himself (and the writer),-3.0
(,"This movie can be labeled as a study case. It's not just the fact that it denotes an unhealthy and non-artistic lust for anything that might be termed as caco-imagery. The author lives with the impression that his sanctimonious revolt against some generic and childishly termed social ills (""Moldavia is the most pauper region of Europe""),-2.0
(,"Three ten-year-old children born at the same time during a solar eclipse begin to slyly murder anybody that offends them.<br /><br />While killer kid movies weren't exactly new at the time of this twisted 80's slasher the theme of children as murderers works nicely for this film. Bloody Birthday does deliver some good chills and suspense),-0.3333333333333333
(,"solid documentary about edgey kids who first surf then skate in the face of the american dream. sadly some of the youngest and most gifted succumb to the lure of drugs while others become slaves to the crass marketing of their go for broke instincts. few come out on top. but the die is cast and fruit of it all is the new national pastime),-1.0
(,"...a film comes along that manages to be absolutely terrible from the opening titles on through to the studio logo tagged at the end of the closing credits. This was such a film - the very type you can not stop watching for fear of missing a moment of its ever-descending quality.<br /><br />Forget the low budget that's indicated by a slow),-2.0
(,"4 out of 10<br /><br />A somewhat unbelievable storyline with some haunted-house type ""shocks"" that really don't fit in.<br /><br />Gary Oldham's performance is very erratic...not so much the quality of the performance but the consistency. His character does not behave in a consistent manner. Sometimes calm/relaxed/methodical/thoughtful),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I once thought that ""The Stoned Age"" was the worst film ever made... I was wrong. ""Hobgoblins"" surpassed it in every way I could imagine and a few I couldn't. In ""The Stoned Age"" I hated the characters. In ""Hobgoblins"" I hated the actors... and everyone else involved in creating this atrocity. I won't include a teaser to this film),-3.0
(,"I'm going to keep this review short and sweet....<br /><br />I saw the trailer for this and thought I'd give it a whirl 5 minutes in and my initial thoughts were ""what the hell is this?"" But after 10 minutes I was hooked and after 20 I was picking my jaw up from off the floor. This film is a great example of how different a movie can be),-0.5
(,"This is one of the worst movies ever made. Trite. Predictable. Flat.<br /><br />The only thing that rated one point was there was a few nice scenes highlighting Barcelona. I imagine they would use films like this in Guantanamo or some other hidden CIA/NSA prison to torture suspects.<br /><br />Often bad movies have some redeeming features),-1.1666666666666667
(,"This takes place in 1920s Harlem. A black owned nightclub has to deal with gangsters and corrupt policemen.<br /><br />Terrible vanity project for Eddie Murphy. It tries to mix comedy and drama and fails at both. The comedy simply isn't funny and the drama is boring and badly acted. You think a film with three comedy legends--Eddie Murphy),-0.14285714285714285
(,"A few bratty kids unwittingly unleash an evil that has lain dormant for the past twenty years and have to reap the ill fortune that comes with that.The Campbell Brothers' film before this ""Midnight Skater"" was fun & their picture after ""the Red Skulls"" was all right. So why is ""Demon Summer"" so mind-numbingly bad? I really don't know),-0.3333333333333333
(,"A majority of exclusively made-for-video low-budget fright flicks from the 80's invariably stink worse than raunchy old socks. This particularly dismal and amateurish no-budget Chicago-set bargain basement ""nasty necrophiliac nutcase on the loose"" bloodbath serves as a depressing affirmation of this borderline ineluctable fact. A bearded),-1.8571428571428572
(,"About 5 minutes into the movie you're thrown into this brutally tepid cat and mouse romance between the two main characters and it just gets worse from there. The biggest problem is the characters and how completely unbelievable they are. This is what 50 year old producers and out-of-touch Hollywood script writers think stoner life is like),-0.4
(,"Another detailed work on the subject by Dr Dwivedi takes us back in time to pre-partioned Panjab. Dr Dwivedi chose a difficult subject for his movie debut. He has worked on all meticulous details to bring the story to life. The treatment of the subject is very delicate.<br /><br />Even though we have not been to the region during that time),-1.0
(,"I read a viciously hidden remarks on a previous comments stating that this film showed a bunch of gay guys romping around their gayness.<br /><br />This couldn't be more misleading. ""Eighteen"" is not a gay film. It has only three gay characters in it and one of them is the victim of prejudice of people like the one who wrote the comments),-0.5
(,"I'm really not too sure why people are being so complimentary about this odd movie. Having said that - I did actually sit through the entire 2 hours and can't say it wasn't entirely un-entertaining.<br /><br />I think the key problem is that Frank Marshall is not a true director and this is clear in the film - he is an experienced producer),-0.25
(,"The filmmakers were clearly on drugs. That's the only explanation I have. How else do you explain this travesty of a Jane Austen adaptation? Northanger Abbey is a parody of a Gothic novel. But this film was made as if it WERE a Gothic novel. The bizarre music and dream sequences to me suggest drug-induced hallucinations rather than a naive),-0.8
(,"!!!! POSSIBLE MILD SPOILER !!!!!<br /><br />As I watched the first half of GUILTY AS SIN I couldn`t believe it was made in 1993 because it played like a JAGGED EDGE / Joe Eszterhas clone from the mid 80s . It starts with a murder and it`s left for the audience to muse "" Is he guilty or innocent and will he go to bed with his attorney ? "" ),-1.0
(,"Art-house horror tries to use unconventional aesthetics to cover the fact that this is just another serial killer chiller which ultimately relies on pornographic combinations of teen sexuality and violent gore. The suburbs come across about as well as they do in every piece of Australian writing (book or film) since 1960 - surprise surprise),-3.0
(,"FC De Kampioenen's only reason for existence is it's local popularity. It has caused this sitcom to run for over 15 years (and still counting).<br /><br />It deals about an amateur soccer team with the emphasis ""amateur"". Every storyline deals with the same subject: some misunderstanding that takes ridiculous (and predictable) proportions),-2.5
(,"I rented this movie yesterday and can hardly express my disappointment in little Laura Ingalls for getting involved in something so poorly produced. I am not sure if it was horrible writing or bad directing or both but it leaves a viewer very disappointed in having wasted the time to watch this swill. It consisted of a weak naive story line),-2.2857142857142856
(,"I think this movie was supposed to be shocking. But the only way in which it is indeed shocking is how shocking badly it's been made ...and simply is. It's one-and-a-half hour of torment. Even more so for the viewer than for the characters in the movie (the five girls).<br /><br />Sure the main characters get their bloody piece in a bad way),-2.6
(,"Something I think some people miss about great science fiction is that it predicts some part of the future. No other theatrical movie that I can recall predicted that when the space shuttle went to study Halley's Comet that a disaster would occur! Some differences were: the ""Churchill"" (the shuttle in the movie) actually went to the comet),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Strange yet emotionally disturbing chiller about fed up middle-aged man (William H. Macy) who finally decides to leave the family business (murder for hire) run by his quietly over-demanding father (Donald Sutherland) while seeing a shrink (John Ritter) and flirting with another patient (Neve Campbell).<br /><br />Talk about a major dilemma),-1.5
(,"This movie was playing on Lifetime Movie Network last month and I decided to check it out. I watched for the first 20 minutes and then shut it off b/c I am sorry but plot holes that are integral to a movie's plot make the movie nothing but garbage.<br /><br />The movie is about a woman who accidentally runs a child on a bicycle off the road),-1.5
(,"This rather formulaic swords and flying fists movie is a decent early display of John Woo's talents. The cinematography is excellent and some of the sword work is truly remarkable. Unfortunately the film labours under the burden of a dull story and a glaringly low budget (check some of the setbound fight scenes if you doubt me). Nonetheless),-0.6
(,"Director Alfred Green's melodrama ""Baby Face"" with Barbara Stanwyck ranks as one of the more notorious of the Pre-Code movies. These films were produced before the Production Code Administration had the power to enforce its rules in 1934. ""Inspiration"" scenarist Gene Markey and ""Midnight Mary"" scribe Kathryn Scola penned the screenplay),-2.0
(,"I just saw this film yesterday.<br /><br />My girlfriend wanted to see it only because of Richard Gere.<br /><br />I feel I wasted my time and money and told my girlfriend it's the last time we go to see a film just because a certain actor/actress is in it. I hope she learned the lesson because I had trouble keeping her in her seat. As of me),-0.25
(,"I picked up this movie and was horrified to find out that the movie is based on a rape of a little girl that the parents knowingly take their daughter to. My first thoughts were that I have never been more ashamed to be an Indian as well as a Hindu. I found this movie to be down right appalling. Please don't waste your time. As for the music),-2.5
(,"MGM tried pairing up and coming young men with the Divine One to give them exposure and try them out as leading men. Gable and Garbo had chemistry in SUSAN LENOX but it was a lousy film. Here in INSPIRATION there is no chemistry whatsoever between Garbo and Robert Montgomery and the script is poor as well. What were they thinking? The modern),-1.5
(,"Never I have seen a movie so terrible that i've gone insane. It was a HUGE waste of time seeing this crappy film. There are a lot of things i hate about this movie: The songs is so terrible (yet a little bit catchy) i hit my head on the wall(especially from the song 'Grandpa is gonna sue the pants out of Santa' which i hit 10 Times *shrugs*)),-2.5
(,"The usual cat and mouse antics abound until Jerry jumps into a bottle of invisible ink. He gets the bright idea of torturing Tom without him knowing. The cat gets wise and tries to do stuff to make him 'see' jerry even if it's not fool-proof. Of course Jerry gets Butch aka Killer aka Spike the dog into the act (even if it's late in the short),-1.5
(,"This budget-starved Italian action/sci-fi hybrid features David Warbeck as a Miami reporter who is chosen by the ghosts of the people of Atlantis (!) to stop an evil businessman (Academy Award nominee John Ireland) from using a telepathic fetus grown using spores from an asteroid to rule the world. You got all that? Despite such a loopy plot),-2.0
(,"We bought the DVD set of ""Es war einmal das Leben"" (German) / ""Once Upon a Time... Life"" (English) for our bilingual kids because everyone loved the ""Es war einmal der Mensch"" (German) / ""Once Upon a Time... Man"" (English) series (us parents had seen it as kids) and it has exceeded even high expectations! The series is very well made),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Why has Ramón(Carlos Fuentes)brought his five college mates to a spooky abandoned school building which used to service the black sheep children of wealth? That answer might just lie in a diary in his possession supposedly written by his dying father. What they come in contact with is in fact a relived episode involving another group of six),-2.0
(,"All the comments so far about this movie are negative but I have to say I found ""The Net"" engaging. Few movies can keep me on the edge of my seat but this one did. Another plus for it is that most action/suspense films are full of language but this one had little profanity. I found it an enjoyable movie to watch. I am slightly biased though),-2.0
(,"I am from Romania ... and for that i apologize if my English is not so good.<br /><br />i just finished watching this movie and i must say that i am extremely disappointed. I always liked Wesley Snipes's movies but this one is terrible. I regret that I spent over 3 hours downloading this film. There are a lot mistakes in the film. For example),-0.75
(,"I must admit I'm a little surprised and disappointed at some of the very negative comments this film seems to provoke. I think its a great horror/sci fi film. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after an historical space flight to Saturn. While in space he contracted some bizarre and unknown disease. He wakes up in a hospital bed),-0.8
(,"I watched the first few episodes a short while back and felt I couldn't take it anymore. The horrible looking fight scenes are the worst I've ever scene in my life. About one-third of each episode is dedicated to Flash Gordon and his ""mighty"" fight moves. I know fight choreography from that era isn't exactly up to par with today's standards),-1.1666666666666667
(,"Since their nasty divorce from the Disney Company (with Disney keeping the Miramax brand) the Weinstein Company seems to specialize in above average movies which are then under-promoted and seen by few. THE FLOCK is a prime example.<br /><br />A story about the civil servants who have the nasty job of keeping track of registered sex offenders),-3.0
(,"This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I was going to get up and leave at Tape 4 but I stuck it out. I now consider myself a Masochist! Afghanistan? Come on guys! Who's the idiot who forgot to hide the Sanskrit billboards? I thought the lead actor(George Calil) was particularly inept. Apart from the bad acting and over zealous camera shake),-1.5714285714285714
(,"A group of young adults open a plain of escape for the spirit of Elizabeth Bathory when they recite her poem from a video game supposedly representing a séance. The only one who dies in the game is Miller(Adam Goldberg)who also is found dead the same way he perished in said video game. While the others' characters didn't die in the video game),-1.5
(,"A young scientist is trying to carry on his dead father's work on limb regeneration.His overbearing mother has convinced him that he murdered his own father and is monitoring his progress for her own evil purposes.A young doctor uses reptilian DNA he extracts from a large creature and when his arm is conveniently ripped off a few minutes later),-0.75
(,"Genghis Cohn is a (very) mildly entertaining British movie about a German police commissioner in the late 1950's who is haunted by the ghost of a Jewish comedian that he killed 15 years earlier while serving under Hitler in the SS. The ghost comes back and wants his killer to live as a Jew to atone for the murders he committed.<br /><br />Otto),-1.1666666666666667
(,"I jumped for joy to learn this show ended. This show's characters were extremely irritating. None of them had one singing redeeming quality. Damon Wayans is probably the most standable one. Kisha Campbell is... Kisha Campbell. She's just as annoying as she was in Martin.<br /><br />The kids are all very annoying as well. The oldest is an idiot),-1.0
(,"In this era when almost everything makes it on to DVD (I'm expecting to see the My Mother the Car collection any day now) this film has been unfairly neglected. There are innumerable stupid comedies from the 60's as well as many other eras that have received at least a cursory DVD treatment. This one wasn't even released on VHS to my knowledge),-2.0
(,"It was inferred by a previous poster that the military would not be subordinate to the police in a disaster as depicted in the film. In fact the military role would be to supply aid to the civil authorities when requested to do so. The civil authorities would retain primacy. In practise the Army would need 48 hours or so to mobilise themselves),-2.0
(,"Laughable.<br /><br />Clichéd.<br /><br />Overdoses on style to compensate for poor writing.<br /><br />Remember when MTV actually used to air music videos and other shows besides Reality Shows? Aeon Flux (2005) is based upon one such show  a cartoon from the mid-90s  featuring a superhuman female protagonist in black latex clothing. Aeon),-2.0
(,"What an atomic bomb of a movie. The story goes nowhere and comes fron nowhere. It leaves the theatre goer with ones arm up saying ""is this it"". What happened to Redford. He was once a fair actor. Now he thinks that he can show up on the set and make a few scenes and it's a take. Wrong. What an unemotional film. I don't mean to be so so cruel),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Wow. I thought this might be insipid but it was even worse than I imagined! Sometimes I like to watch a good ""car-crash"" movie: those that are so bad that you can't look away because you want to see how bad they can possibly get. This is really the only reason I could leave the television on - morbid fascination. It wasn't so much the acting),-0.75
(,"I have been meaning to see this flick for the past few months. I was actually surprised at how good it was.<br /><br />The plot revolves around a group of high school teenagers who are bullying a boy named Marty. They constantly bully him until one of them makes a horrific mistake which leaves Marty horribly burned.<br /><br />A few years later),-1.2
(,"My brother was working at a movie theater when I saw this movie; I saw it for free and still walked out. I have seen a lot of movies in my time but this was the worst. When people ask me what the worst movie I have ever seen was I mention this movie in less than one second. This movie is bad because it goes from one lame plot set-up to the next),-1.75
(,"Pretty crazy whodunit featuring an all black cast trying to figure out who murdered the philandering trumpet player who was just about to go to Hollywood to Make It Big. Was it his wife? His Girlfriend? His Would-Be-Girlfriend? Her Father? His Butler? The newspaper guy? Who knows? And who cares? The result of this is just a little underwhelming),-2.0
(,"The first twenty-five minutes stand out as possibly the worst in modern British film. Director/adapter William Cartlidge has treated Wilde's original with such reverence that he seems to have completely ignored the needs of a cinematic audience. Thankfully the quality of the direction and editing improves significantly after the first half hour),-1.0
(,"Viggo Mortensen stars as a new inmate of a haunted prison in which the warden (Played well by Lane Smith) has a grisly secret that could be the reason why various prison guards and inmates are being slaughtered by a supernatural presence. Lincoln Kilpatrick is the lifer who knows the secret and is scared for his life. When I think prison movies),-2.0
(,"Elizabeth Rohm was the weakest actress of all the Law and Order ADA's and her acting is even worse here. Her attempts at a Texas accent are amateurish and unrealistic. Nor can she adequately summon the intense emotions needed to play the mother of a kidnapped child; at times while her daughter is missing she manages to sound only vaguely annoyed),-1.5
(,"First off I want to say that I lean liberal on the political scale and I found the movie offensive. I managed to watch the whole doggone disgrace of a film . This movie brings a low to original ideas. Yes it was original thus my 2 stars instead of 1. Are our film writers that uncreative that they can only come up with this?? Acting was horrible ),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I just rented and watched this movie just to see what's all the fuss about. So here's what my reactions to it are. It's easily seen that this is a low budget film with poor actors. The main plot of this movie is about a woman getting revenge on her rapists. This concept if done right could easily turn out to be a really provocative film. However),-2.0
(,"I was mad anyone made this movie. I was even more angry I lost valuable minutes of my life sitting still to watch this. I could have had a wax job and been more entertained. At least Cherri makes me laugh before it hurts. I was a bit confused at first but then I caught on and realized what was going on. By this time the film was half way through),-2.0
(,"This is the ultimate of horror movies this year. ""House of Wax"" is one of the scariest movies I've ever seen. This version really puts the Vincent Price version of the movie to shame. I only know a few of the young cast in the movie. The ever troublesome Paris Hilton; the pain in the you know what seems to be more seductive than ever. At least),-2.0
(,"What is wrong with American movies these days? Hollyweird keeps making movies that have men acting like women and women acting like men. The idiotic male director and writer of this movie need to have their heads examined. The main problems with this film are its overt extreme feminist portrayals of the sexes.<br /><br />In the scenes of the bar),-0.6
(,"A group of extremely unlikable A-holes are tormented by lame puppets that some elderly douche bag night-watchman has kept locked away in a film vault for twenty years for no reason whatsoever.<br /><br />Many people know this film merely from MST3K's spot-on ribbing of the flick. But I've seen the actual movie and can safely say that yes it's bad),-1.1666666666666667
(,"Have I seen a worse movie? Perhaps only ""Manos: The Hands of Fate"" dragged more than ""Dukes"". I had more fun poking at the gigantic plot holes than the movie gave me at any point. Let's touch on a few...<br /><br />There was a noticeable script death and rebirth when Sheev is talking to the Dukes and they don't respond. He shrugs and moves on),-0.5
(,"I am ashamed to admit in public that I even held the cover of this movie once! This is an absolute reason why one should research on the movie before seeing it! The 'makers' of this movie have called us all fools and gullible losers with too much time on our hands.<br /><br />Based on the mythical Indian shape-shifting powerful cobras and rebirth),-1.0
(,"I saw his film at the Ann Arbor Film Festival. I am a film student at the Univeristy of Michigan so I know a thing or two about film. And Crispin Glover's film is outrageous. He basically exploits the mentally challenged. Not only is Shirly Temple the anti-Christ (which I admit is a little funny) telling the mentally challenged to kill each other),-0.5
(,"It's pretty bad when the generic movie synopsis has more information than the film itself. The paragraph-long ""plot summary"" written on the movie page has details I could not glean from watching the actual movie. I found myself constantly backing it up to see what details I had just missed which could tell me what the (bleep) was going on. Alas),-0.5
(,"Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda. It came no wonder for me that this is admired by most American viewers and hated by Europeans. This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere. Almost everyone involved must be return to school),-1.5714285714285714
(,"Once again Bronson's talent is mostly wasted on this shock value 1984 thriller which (uncut) is far more disturbing than most of what is out even today. The fact that ""The Evil That Men Do"" is very disturbing (in its verbal and visual depictions of torture) is not the problem. It is the shameless gratuity in which it is presented. Interestingly),-2.4
(,"Upon writing this review I have difficulty trying to think of what to write about. Nothing much happens in this film. The storyline is a South Asian woman who falls for an English Londoner. The problem is he and his friends have had a racist streak. At the same time her friend at work is unknowingly to her having sexual relations with her brother),-2.5
(,"As bad as they get. This film commits the fatal error of making the viewer not care what happens to characters. The two women in this flick are so stupid that you begin to root for the bad guys so this thing would end.<br /><br />This film is one of the few that was so bad that I had to turn to another channel. <br /><br />Put in highbrow language),-1.4285714285714286
(,"I really enjoyed the reunion a lot! I would have rated it a 10 if they had had ""Hassie"" and ""Little Luke"". There wasn't even a mention of where they are today or why they didn't participate in the reunion. They were very popular characters and I think it was a mistake not to give an explanation about their lack of appearance.<br /><br />Anyway),-0.3333333333333333
(,"There's this whole theory of horror that some people adhere closely to that the monsters and the violence should be kept off-screen. Park Chan-Wook throws that concept completely out the window and shows directly what he wants--and what he wants to show is pretty much anything he can think of. Leaving it to the actors and dialog to create subtlety),-1.0
(,"This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Branaugh seemed to have so much trouble remembering his accent that he couldn't deliver his lines. The plot was definitely not worthy of John Grisham's name. No wonder it was never published as a book or released in theaters. I didn't even watch the whole thing. I decided I didn't care who done it),-0.25
(,"Wow. I went to the video store tonight because I was in the mood for a bad B Horror movie and I found this Gem. I looked at the cover and I thought it looked like just the movie for my mood. I brought it home and put it on.<br /><br />This movie was not the B Horror movie that I had in mind. This was MUCH worse. I wanted a bad movie but what I got),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Another lame attempt to make a movie ""gritty"" and ""thought provoking""- whatever the hell that means. They have Al Pacino say a lot of words like - ""Television killed football."" Yeah whatever. This is another movie that showcases Oliver Stone's Delusions of Grandeur. If Stone is trying to show us that football will be our downfall or something),-1.6
(,"I saw the film yesterday and stopped it at half time because I felt it was a waste of time. The idea to make a film through the eyes of a headsman - one of the ""evil guys"" throughout most fantasy and medieval films - is great and offers plenty of possibilities but... the film couldn't catch one of them. I was not feeling for any of the characters),-0.2
(,"I think i would rather have my piles clipped with a pair of rusty clippers than bear another 5 minutes of this movie. In fact i cannot even be bothered to go in to detail! Not sure how they managed to get the needles into the wooden actors to cure them! Better off for all concerned if they had just nuked the island after finding out about the virus),-2.0
(,"I'm still trying to figure out if there was a point to this film.<br /><br />For content that's supposed to be so 'rebellious' and 'controversial' the things that Maddox distributes to the students are awfully lame. Students seem to be easily swayed by vague anti-authoritarian sentiments and snippets of words illegibly scrawled onto leaflets. Rebel),-2.0
(,"Imagine watching a slide show where the projector lingers on every slide long enough for you to completely memorize it three times over. Now imagine that the images in the slide show consist entirely of mundane scenes  a small park; and empty tennis court; a piano. Now imagine that the people running the slide show are having a frustratingly slow),-1.0
(,"It's pretty evident that many of your nights were spent alone. If you watched 5 minutes of the actual show instead of watching the commercial you would have seen one of the greatest television shows in Canadian history being made. Too bad you would have been watching it alone. Probably the reason you hate it... no game. Keys to the VIP is hilarious),-0.16666666666666666
(,"Let me start out by saying I can enjoy just about any bad Italian horror movie or jungle exploitation flick from the 1970's. Seriously. This one was downright awful.<br /><br />There are way too many elements that Martino tries to inject and none of them work (except for the croc-gone-wild thing) very well at all. There are some ignorant Westerners),-1.0
(,"One of the first things I noticed that allowed this culture to stand out among the rest was during the wake at Sole's place. An aerial shot is used to show Sole being flowered with kisses by a sea of women. I believed this was a commentary on the closeness that women had for each other of this cultureones who stuck together across the generations),-2.0
(,"This could have been interesting  a Japan-set haunted house story from the viewpoint of a newly-installed American family  but falls flat due to an over-simplified treatment and the unsuitability of both cast and director.<br /><br />The film suffers from the same problem I often encounter with the popular modern renaissance of such native fare),-0.2
(,"To date this is still the worst piece of rubbish I've ever viewed. So annoyed I even complained to Blockbuster for stocking it. Me and some friends rented it after looking at the back cover thinking we were in for a good horror film. The plot line seem to change during the film and there was lots of irrelevant padding. The film ended quite abruptly),-1.0
(,"All those that identify this as a simple rip-off of 'Elephant' - are there no other comments that you can make towards the movie on its own merits as an individual film (regardless of its apparent similarities to other movies).<br /><br />All those that question the validity of the movie - in terms of its stereotypical characters (the obligatory gay),-1.0
(,"An old man who lives in the mountains wakes up one morning and loses his cat. He wanders the woods to witness a murder but did he see the murder or is he losing his mind? Is he just getting old? The movie so great because the viewer has to make up their own mind on what is going on. There is very little dialog in this movie but it doesn't need words),-1.0
(,"How is it possible to make such a bad movie with such actors? Were they forced into it? The plot has nothing to do with an idea of how things would turn out if a comedian ran for president. They don't even try to give an impression of that. Just when you thought you were watching a comment from famous liberals on DC politics (the first five minutes)),-2.0
(,"I happen to be the director's nephew. It's taken me years to get my hands on a copy of this film and I can confirm that it is indeed one of the worst movies of all time. My uncle doesn't even have a copy of it anymore (I asked). I'm looking forward to bringing him a copy.<br /><br />Currently the film's average rating is 1.9/10. As far as I can tell),-3.0
(,"Many people are standing in front of the house n some women are crying... Men standing in close groups and speaking in hushed up tone... a couple of guys come in and they are discussing how sexy the daughter might look today... soon u will know someone in the house has died... The dead person's wife is worried about preparing food for so many people),-1.0
(,"The screenwriter poorly attempted to re-create the ""Exorcist'. But put in some blah-blah love story that makes you sick instead of keeping you engaged. There is no substance whatsoever in this entire film. It had the potential of being something special but blows it by showing a bunch of people yack about things nobody cares about. Extremely boring),-0.2
(,"This movie is really bad. The acting is plain awful except Michael Ironside. I don't get the story. Richard Grieco is the only survivor after a fight between two Mc-gangs. He comes to a town and suddenly he is choosened to fight against the bad people who wants indian-land. At the cover it said he was a indian himself that returned too his home-town),-1.2
(,"This movie makes Peter an elf in Robin Hood costume instead of a human boy in probably-not-Robin-Hood-costume and ignores all the persona features in him that really matter. This movie makes Wendy a babbling idiot. And poor Captain Hook a TOTAL clown. And of course as every Disney cartoon must have a character which has had too many hits in the head),-1.5
(,"This review contains spoilers for those who are not aware of the details of the true story on which this movie is based.<br /><br />The right to be presumed ""Innocent until proven guilty"" is a basic entitlement of anyone in a civilised society; but according to Fred Schepisi's partisan but sadly convincing story of a famous Australian murder trial),-1.25
(,"I don't know what that other guy was thinking. The fact that this movie was independently made makes it no less terrible. You can be as big a believer as you want... the majority of this film is mindless drivel. I feel i have been insulted by having to watch the first 40 minutes of it. And that alone was no small feat. Not only is the acting terrible),-1.4285714285714286
(,"Odious Chuck Norris decided to put one final nail in the coffin<br /><br />containing his film career before going to the safe world of CBS<br /><br />Saturday night carnage with this hysterically bad supernatural<br /><br />actioner.<br /><br />For such a dumb movie this thing sure is plotty. Norris is Chicago<br /><br />cop Frank Shatter. First off),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Right on Colmyster. I totally concur with all your sentiments and add these. I came to my PC especially to post a comment on this dreadful (minus)Bgrade movie. I was going to say that in this day and age I am at a loss to comprehend how anyone could possibly make such a woeful movie - but you beat me to it. Anyone reading this and Colmyster's comment),-3.0
(,"I can't believe that anyone would green light this let alone voluntarily star in it. I will never be able to get that 90 mins of my life back.<br /><br />This has to be one of the worst films I have ever seen. Some films are so bad they're good. This has gone so far round again that's somehow it's so bad it's terrible. I was not exactly expecting much),-2.75
(,"I wasted my time and gave this show a chance. This has to be one of the worst new shows. If they gave an award to shows that suck THIS one should sweep the category. The acting is poor and the story line is contrived. Now Dinosaurs was a bit strange but at least it was entertaining. That show lasted three seasons and was finally scraped. This new show),-1.3333333333333333
(,"My only regret is that one cannot grade a movie on IMDb with a 0. ""A Cena..."" would definitely deserve that! At LEAST.<br /><br />*SPOILER?* The movie starts with a bunch of people entering a crypt to awaken an ancient Vampire. When a guy cuts himself and his blood drips and falls onto the putrid and dried corpse that is supposed to be a bloodsucker),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This is without a doubt the STUPIDEST movie of all time.<br /><br />I don't know who I'm angrier at--the idiots who made this or my video store for actually carrying this piece of crap!!<br /><br />I can't even begin to name all of the things wrong with this horrible wanna-be movie.<br /><br />All of the dialogue sounds like it was made up on the spot),-1.0
(,"This movie in away was super-clever. It's theme rhymes with every single horror movie ever made. Valentine makes ZERO attempt to be original. What is valentine anyway? It's a bunch of people giving each other the same lame messages that were given to the same people a year earlier. There is nothing original in Valentine. <br /><br />I only saw it once),-2.0
(,"Ye Lou's film Purple Butterfly pits a secret organization (Purple Butterfly) against the Japanese forces in war torn Shanghai. Ding Hui (Zhang Ziyi) and her ex-lover Hidehiko Itami (Toru Nakamura) find themselves on opposite sides of the conflict after a chance meeting.<br /><br />I agree with the reviewer from Paris. The film substitutes a convoluted),-0.6
(,"who reads these comments may think we may have in hand a great movie. I am Portuguese and I'm ashamed that this film became a blockbuster in Portugal. It can't really call this cinema. The direction and ""mise-en-scene"" is basic (even Ron Howard does better!); the script is bad and pretentious (a really bad Tarantino); the cast is covered in TV stars),-0.4
(,"(Some possible spoilers)<br /><br /> I'm not too sure what Dreamworks was thinking when they decided to plunk $80 million down on this extremely tired and lame animated flick. They probably thought the spectacular animation would be more than enough to bring audiences (mostly families) to see it in droves. Well it seemed to work for the opening weekend),-2.0
(,"A very tired looking Burt Reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these non-heroes plan to sell to ""the Iranians."" Low-rent video nonsense by the producers of ""Silk Stalkings"" offers some decent action footage and a lot of ineptly staged ""drama""...a lack of logic and truly dreadful dialogue are the defining aspects),-2.25
(,"Amy Heckerling's second film Johnny Dangerously is a parody of 1930's gangster films made in the Warner Brothers' tradition. Michael Keaton stars as a middle aged gangster looking back at his life of hard knocks when he catches a kid trying to steal something from his pet store in 1935. Keaton's mother (Maureen Stapleton) has continuing health problems),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I first heard of Unisol 2 when I drove past a cinema when I was on holiday in America. I really did not take much notice of it until I bought the original on DVD which led me to find out about its three sequels. I subsequently started to read about The Return on the IMDB and asked friends what they thought of it. Despite their horrific criticisms of it),-3.0
(,"Just seen Which Way to the Front? on TCM (UK) it is a truly awful film. If I'd paid at the pictures I'd have walked out.<br /><br />A terrible mess of a film. Byers (Lewis) and his mates prance around in cast off uniforms from an Italian sci-fi movie of 1960's. Were the CND/Peace symbol badges on the uniforms meant to be Ironic? The sets were pure 1970),-2.6666666666666665
(,"The Underground Comedy movie is perhaps one of the worst comedies I've ever seen. I should have known it was going to be bad when the box had the phrase ""guaranteed to offend"" written on it... meaning that the filmmakers were going to focus more on grossing you out than making you laugh.<br /><br />This movie is an amateurish jumble of childish skits),-2.5
(,"The intertwined points-of-view can come up as a good idea in some movies. Here it is a total mess.<br /><br />But the total mess begin with the story: a video-clip bummy wants to shoot a light comedy with a pernicious noir-like female character. She is gorgeous and no men could resist to dive and crawl and suck her toes. She is all the more materialist),-0.5
(,"The plot of this movie is as dumb as a bag of hair. Jimmy Smit plays a character that could have been upset by the ridiculousness of the story. He is evil and a wife beater. It's a character as far from his NYPD and LA Law roles as you could possibly get.<br /><br />If you've thought he had the looks and the acting chops to play the really bad boy role),-2.75
(,"The screen writing is so dumb it pains me to have wasted 2 hours of my life I'll never get back (where have I heard this before). The acting is so-so. Things change often enough to keep you watching and waiting for something gruesome to happen. Nevertheless there isn't a single original thing in this movie. While the first Cube was a nerdy horror movie),-2.5
(,"This comment is meant mainly as a warning to the people who might be attracted to the title by its (temporarily)high user rating which I find frankly puzzling. The reasons why I didn't like this title are following:<br /><br />1. The directer must have had some doubts whether to make a Jackie-Chan-type of a flick or a dark Oedipian tragedy. As a result),-0.25
(,"This inept adaptation of arguably one of Martin Amis's weaker novels fails to even draw comparisons with other druggy oeuvres such as Requiem For A Dream or anything penned by Irvine Walsh as it struggles to decide whether it is a slap-stick cartoon or a hyper-realistic hallucination.<br /><br />Boringly directed by William Marsh in over-saturated hues),-2.0
(,"This whole movie is just so terrible it is a complete mess. The story is just so stupid I can't believe somebody actually sat down and wrote about this and thought it would make a good movie! The acting is quite possibly the very worst out of any b-movie ever made. I've seen a lot of sci-fi type b-movies before and some of them are actually pretty good),-0.16666666666666666
(,"Wang Bianlian is an old street performer who is known as a 'King of masks' for his mastery of Sichuan change art. Liang is a famous opera performer of Sichuan art and respects Wang as an artist and as a person. Liang is worried that a precious art shouldn't die with Wang and so he sows the seed of an heir in to Wang's mind. The film is about prejudices),-3.0
(,"What attracts a man to military service? What prepares a man to survive brutal torture as a prisoner of war? What desperation leads to the planning and execution of an escape into the jungles of southeast Asia? How does he cope with the ghosts and memories he returns home with? Herzog tries to answer these questions in his documentary of Dieter Dengler),-1.5
(,"A bunch of sorority girls make a new pledge spend the night in a creepy mausoleum. Of course the recently deceased don't stay deceased for long and all hell breaks loose.""One Dark Night"" is an enjoyable 80's horror with some ghastly dead bodies floating around that are being controlled by the spirit of a dead psychic Raymar.There is no gore and nudity),-2.0
(,"I was enticed into watching Shark Hunter by the comments posted on IMDB. The movie was bad but the shark was cool blah blah blah. So I rented it. Bad idea. This movie was bad on so many levels that I'm glad that I had the option to fast forward. The shark itself is ok. It's appearance is decent and it is the only thing saving this movie from getting a 1),-1.0
(,"Mr Seagal has apparantly lowered his (already low) standards even more and has now outdone himself in making bad movies. The Foreigner has no substance what so ever in the script. It's director has made an even worse job and the music and score is so cheezy and malplaced that you just don't know whether to laugh or cry. Already 10 minutes into the movie),-1.5
(,"So im not a big fan of Boll's work but then again not many are. I enjoyed his movie Postal (maybe im the only one). Boll apparently bought the rights to use Far Cry long ago even before the game itself was even finsished. <br /><br />People who have enjoyed killing mercs and infiltrating secret research labs located on a tropical island should be warned),-0.25
(,"Unfortunately this is not one of those movies which at least make you laugh at their unbelievable stupidity. It has no entertainment value at all. It just plain sucks. I don't know where to start to explain how much this movie annoyed me. I think what really takes the cake is the unbearable soundtrack. It sounds as if someone took a simple beat and then),-0.75
(,"WARNING SPOILERS***** A really stupid movie about a group of young excursionists in Italy that find an armor of mythical warrior with a demonic souls. One of them wears it and becomes possessed by the spirit of a demon. It's killing time and several of his friends die under his blade to revive the demon corpse.<br /><br />A waste of time for the viewers),-1.0
(,"If one wants to have a character in a movie have a disturbing sexual encounter that would shame that character in later life the only thing left that an audience would see as shameful was bestiality and now it has been done. Judging by some of the other comments even that did not succeed that well. I cannot remember one funny scene though I have to admit),-0.6
(,"Just an hour ago I finished watching this my friend. As a fans of Dragonball we think that this movie is so bad that is good. We will say one thing : without a sixpack beers there is now way you can survive through this movie. This movie should be watched with a many Dragonball fans to laugh their ass off. The best character in the movie is the lord Horn),-0.75
(,"La Petit Tourette is a pretty funny South Park episode.Cartman is at the toy store one day and here's a kid swearing out loud but not getting in trouble for it.His mother then tells everyone that the kid has ""tourette syndrome"".Cartman loves the fact that he can swear without getting into trouble so he tells everybody that he has tourette syndrome.Kyle),-0.5
(,"Louis Gossett Jr returns to the well one more time as Chappy Sinclair who goes to Doug Masters (Played by Jason Cadieux who is in for Jason Gedrick who wisely declined) to teach a new band of recruits however this time they discover corrupt air force pilots who deal in toxic waste. This is a series that just keeps getting worse with each subsequent entry),-3.0
(,"There are just so many things wrong with this movie.<br /><br />Jeff Bridges weird accent.<br /><br />Rita's ability to crack the password code <br /><br />The entire script <br /><br />The ending - esp the last scene when two coffees are brought to the table for Jeff and Rita and the publisher. J & R laugh and say ""We don;t drink coffee anymore"". Well),-0.25
(,"This film was positively the worst film I have ever watched. I couldn't sit through the whole thing. I also think writer must have some weird fetish for women peeing puking and crapping... I mean what was that all about! I cant believe this was even made and am disgusted at have #ingwasted a £4 rental fee. The quality both picture and sound are terrible),-1.8
(,"Warning! Spoilers!<br /><br />This is your typical disney film.<br /><br />1.Policticly correct what with the foster home that has an even divison of races.<br /><br />2.Insults the viewers intellect with its simplistic lines.<br /><br />3.The boy's slezy father is almost directly taken from the Never Ending Story 2.<br /><br />4.In a world full of crime),-3.0
(,"I don't know if I should be amused or insulted by drivel like this put out by ""Lifetime: Television For Women"" Should be renamed ""Lifetime: Television For Shut In Drama Queens"" because I've yet to see a movie that wasn't a tear jerking pot boiler. This film was no exception. You know a film's going to be bad when the biggest headliner is Tori Spelling),-0.2
(,"I was ready for a Crouching Tiger style movie and all I got was the worst movie i've seen in years. It was almost as bad as Baron Von Munchhuasen. Dead script. Dead acting. Dead everything. <br /><br />Granted there was some good fight scenes but the positive side ends there. If this movie arrives in your house run screming to a phone and dial 911 and say),-0.4
(,"It's terrible how some people can get away with such things... This is one of those overrated things again... And I hate things that are overrated that are no good... Why can't we have more TV Shows and Movies that actually have a story and excellent music and that are well written and are actually about something?? It takes many people to make this movie),-1.0
(,"The school nerd Marty (Simon Scuddamore) is sexually humiliated by a bunch of classmates and then is in a lab explosion (set by them also) where his face is scarred by acid. Years later all the jerks get invited back to the high school (since closed) for a reunion. What they didn't know is that Marty is inviting them back to kill them. Then a storm starts),-1.6666666666666667
(,"The scintillating Elizabeth Taylor stars in this lesser-known classic as a young girl from London who falls in love with a tea plantation owner from British Ceylon (current day Sri Lanka). Upon arrival she instantly feels out of place and is forced to adapt to the new culture as well as be in constant awareness of the angry elephant herd. William Dieterle),-0.3333333333333333
(,"After watching Caddyshack 1 I'd heard there was a sequel and decided to look it up. The movie seemed pretty bad and I told myself to stay away but stupid me gave in and actually bought the damn thing! All the reviews and everything bad you've heard about Caddyshack II are true. The movie is simply worn of ideas and the lamest plot and jokes I've ever heard),-1.4285714285714286
(,"Enough is enough...sometimes they just need to stop making movies based on a concept that is long dead. The first Tremors movie was great. The second one was ridiculous. The third one was nauseating. The tv series was depressingly awful. And this movie just drives the stake deeper.<br /><br />Basically another excuse for cheap computer effects and puppetry),-1.0
(,"George & Mildred - The Movie lacks the talents of its TV writer John Mortimer who brings the close quarter cut and thrust of George's class war with the Fourmiles alive.<br /><br />The plot is cut from standard spin-off cloth - hit-man/mistaken identity - and has as little tension as there are laughs. The producers should have taken a leaf from Rising Damp),-1.25
(,"I swear I didn't mean to! I picked this out only since it looked good on the back! This movie wasn't scary at all and actually was very confusing. The demon wind was only actually used a couple of times and people were killed off pretty cheesily. The one major bright spot was seeing Sherri Bendorf from Slaughterhouse play in it. Seeing what happened to her),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Pretty.<br /><br />Pretty actresses and actors. Pretty bad script. Pretty frequent ""let's strip to our undies"" scenes. Pretty fair F/X. Pretty jarring location decisions (the college dorm room looks like a high-end hotel room - probably because it was shot at a hotel). Pretty bland storyline. Pretty awful dialog. Pretty locations. Pretty annoying editing),-0.8
(,"Sorry this was a woeful excuse for a film.. a plot line so holey it resembled a block of swiss cheese and a butch of characters who seemed to me to be utterly devoid of inter-personal relations.. Well except of course for Carlyle and Lee-Miller who i could have sworn were meant to be in love.. Unlike the union of Tyler and Miller who were for the most part),-1.6666666666666667
(,"The characterization in this movie is among the worst I've ever encountered. The dialogue is trite and cliché to the point of extreme distraction. None of the issues the characters face are developed at all--they're merely surface details intended to get a point across without having to actually come up with believable dialogue to support said point. Also),-0.5
(,"This definitely the most tension filled X-Files episode of the first season. this episode is what I think of when I hear ""X-Files"". the plot is simple but exiting. Our main cast plus a few scientist go to investigate an Alskan outpost in which it's research team appears to have killed each other. It turns out a small parasite that got dug up from the ice),-2.0
(,"This movie should be number one on the bottom 100. The acting is so horrible that when my son and I watched it we nearly got physically ill. And the story is worse. I could go on and on about how bad it is but all I really wanted to do was add a warning to frankbob's review as I see no one else has gone to the trouble of doing so yet. Don't waste your time),-2.1666666666666665
(,"This movies made me suffer and I LOVED IT! LOVED IT! It haunted me for days. I think Erika is the kind of character you simultaneously loathe and lament. The most terrifying sex scene ever caught on film. This is the best of Haneke's work so far. He is the only living director to redefine pace since Kubrick. The violence in this film is gorgeous. In a word),-0.8333333333333334
(,"Well this just maybe the worst movie ever at least the worst movie i have ever seen. They have tried out these 666 child of Satan the anti Christ kinda movies about 1000 times and none of them is good and this just maybe the worst of them. They think that it's going to be better movie as more they use that fake blood. This movie doesn't have any idea in it),-1.1428571428571428
(,"Joe Don's opening line says everything about this movie. It takes place on the island of Malta (the island of pathetic men) and involves Joe Don Baker tracking down an Italian mobster. Joe Don's character is named Geronimo (pronounced Heronimo) and all he does in this movie is shoot people and get arrested over and over agin. Everyone in the movie hates him),-2.25
(,"Simply beautiful. One of the best mind-- umm... screws--- in existence. Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract. Moscow could learn a few things from the torture techniques in this film. They could also do worse than hiring Alan Rickman. Five out of five stars),-1.5
(,"The movie was TERRIBLE!!! Easily the worst movie I have seen in the past few years. One of those movies I will be able to tell people for the next three years that it was the worst movie I can think of. Thank you for giving me an answer to that burning question ""What is the worst movie you have seen?"" Answer: Celestine Prophecy. Trust me...I read the book),-3.0
(,"A female ex-cop who was drummed out of the force for recklessness (and who could probably beat Chuck Norris in a fight) hires herself out as a private bodyguard; her first client is a worthless playboy type. It takes half the movie for her to get kicked off the force in the first place. Lots of great fight choreography but the plot is strictly by the numbers),-0.25
(,"Dirty Harry has to track down a rape victim who extracts revenge by shooting her assailants in the goolies before killing them. Probably a more apt punishment would be to let them live after the initial shot and let them suffer forever like she and her sister has...Anyway..... an action-packed story set again in San Francisco and Santa Cruz. The chief rapist),-2.2857142857142856
(,"Guys and Dolls is a unique play based on the characters. Sky Masterson<br /><br />(Marlon Brando) is a high-class gambler who takes up a bet with Nathan Detroit (Frank Sinatra) for one-thousand dollars. Nathan needs the money so he can<br /><br />run his usual crap game and make a fortune. The bet was that Sky wouldn't be able to take just any girl to Havana),-3.0
(,"I have to admit that I approached this movie with a sense of expectation and dread. Louis de Berniere's bestselling novel is one of my favourites and anyone who has read it will realise that there is no way in hell that any screen adaptation can be 100% faithful. <br /><br />All the way through I found myself convincing myself that the movie was unsuccessful),-1.0
(,"This piece of garbage belongs in the basement of some moldy old mansion where it will never see the light of day again. The only thing scary about this junk was the price of admission. I was only amused when the ending credits started rolling and I was free to vacate the auditorium. What an unmitigated bore; a complete waste of 1 and a half hours. When I die),-0.4
(,"This was a rather unnerving look at an ostensibly functional family confronted by their daughter's druggie boyfriend. Father tangles with and ultimately kills druggie boyfriend. Wallowing in guilt he reveals to a drunk redneck what he has done. Things spiral rapidly out of hand before degenerating completely. The ending you dread stalks the viewer throughout),-2.5
(,"** HERE BE SPOILERS ** <br /><br />Recap: Macleane (Miller) witnesses a robbery by Plunkett (Carlyle) that goes wrong. Plunkett's partner get shot (and killed) but not until after he has swallowed a great ruby. Plunkett and Macleane then meet at the cemetery when both try to get hold of the ruby. Unfortunately they are caught as grave robbers and sent to jail),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Before watching this film I had very low expectations and went to just see the cars. Eventually I even regretted going for that reason. Plot is almost non-existent. Character development is non-existent. So many clichés and so much jaw-dropping cheesiness existed in the movie that I could only stare and wonder how it was even released. If not for the exotics),-2.0
(,"David Cronenberg's `eXistenZ' is a well designed reflection of the philosophy of existentialism. It addresses the problems of a culture that is plugged into technology that it can no longer distinguish between fantasy and reality or between the organic and the mechanical. The movie shocks the audience with its replacement of mechanical technology with organic),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Gunga Din (1939) is based on Rudyard Kipling's poem.The movie is directed by George Stevens.It's set in India during the 19th century where three British soldiers have to stop an evil guru and his murderous cult.Gunga Din is a marvelous adventure war comedy with plenty of thrilling moments.The three leading men are brilliant.Cary Grant is Sgt.Archibald Cutter),-0.42857142857142855
(,"I am so appalled by this documentary. I am deeply embarrassed and ashamed by the way Puertoricans were portrayed. This documentary was not about the culture of Puertoricans. It was about the culture of Nuyoricans. Puertoricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and should not be generalized to the Puerto Rican population. Rosie),-2.0
(,"This Film was done in really poor taste. The script was really bad. I feel really sad for the late Gregory Peck who took on the title role of this B-movie adaptation of one of history's greatest generals. The movie was politically incorrect and downright insensitive to the others who fought the Japanese in World War 2. There was a scene where I almost vomited),-0.75
(,"A detective (Dana Andrews) with a reputation for violence accidentally kills a suspect in a murder (Craig Stevens) and then tries to cover it up. The Otto Preminger directed film has plenty of atmosphere but the story gets watered down when the dead man's wife (Gene Tierney) falls for Andrews. He was doing fairly well digging himself into and out of a big hole),-1.8571428571428572
(,"And I am afraid that I cannot imagine why. It really is a genuinely dire and exceptionally boring film. In some ways it is reminiscent of early science fiction when every set had been knocked up on a Hollywood back lot out of whatever was lying around. From the minuscule and unconvincing set (snipers seem to be about ten meters away) apparently made of plaster),-2.6666666666666665
(,"For the life of me I can not understand the blind hype and devotion to this totally unbelievable movie......and I think I have the qualifications to say so.... I am a former Special Operations soldier with 14 years in the ""lifestyle"" ... This movie was totally totally unreal and obviously written by someone that did very little research into life in the Army),-1.0
(,"The film itself is only a compilation of scenes which have no inherent meaning to someone living outside of Russia. I won't deny that some of the images and techniques were quite revolutionary at the time (filmed 1928) but the problem with the film is that it has no interest to the intellectual or common man. We are merely watching an arranged form of pictures),-1.0
(,"The films use of blue-black and vibrant skin tones to create a noir-ish feel to this movie unfortunately do not work. In fact its quite irritating as it obscures the demon characters and reduces them to one dimensional beings.<br /><br />At least the original had an hysterical energy and the gore set-pieces were quite stunning. Black gore is hardly frightening),-1.5
(,"The script was VERY weak w/o enough character arcs to make you care one bit about the characters or what happens to them. The script is way too talky and not enough gore or action to even call it slow paced. The story gets to the point that you just want everyone to shut up and die as quickly as possible so you don't have to listen to them talk this very muted),-0.5
(,"Victor Buono as the Devil? Surely somebody must have been drunk when that casting decision was made. That's not the worst part of this silly mish-mash of sundry haunted house devices but it gets my vote for being the funniest part of it. While the film is by no means terrible it doesn't even approach other 1970's ""haunted house"" flicks like Amityville Horror),-1.5
(,"""A Texas community is beset with a rash of mysterious killings involving some of the students from the local college. The sheriff investigating the death discovers the startling identity of the killer responsible for the murders. A NASA experiment involving cosmic rays has mutated an ape and turned it into an unstoppable killing machine with a thirst for blood),-0.6
(,"""The Case of the Scorpion's Tail"" has all the elements that are necessary in order to make an effective giallo movie. The story is standard giallo. When a man dies in a plane crash his wife (Ida Galli) collects a $1 million life insurance policy. The widow heads to Greece for the payout but a series of gruesome murders follow her. There are plenty of suspects),-0.75
(,"Everyone is surely familiar with this most famous of stories  a heartless businessman is visited by the ghost of his dead partner on Christmas Eve and warned that if he continues in his uncaring ways then he will be doomed to an afterlife in chains. So that he can avoid his partner's fate he is visited by three spirits who show him visions of Christmases past),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I give this nonsense a 2 instead of a 1 because there is a worse show called Haunted Homes. But this kid and his buddies conduct their investigations like total idiots. They assume that there are ghosts from the get go and if they ever find rational explanations behind the experiences they have to be drug kicking and screaming into admitting it. But beyond that),-1.25
(,"Pete's Meteor. I seen this referred to as ""authentic"" and a ""gem."" I caught this movie on a Saturday afternoon. I kinda wished that I didn't.<br /><br />Apparently this was noted as being Mike Myers' first dramatic role. Unfortunately it had to be this movie. The first thing you'll notice that Pete's Meteor suffers from is a complete lack of plot. Or rather),-2.0
(,"Probably the worst Bollywood film I've seen.<br /><br />No plot line. Very little character developments.<br /><br />Full of silly and pointless humor. The whole film was chaotic and direction-less. There was no proper ending to the story. The airport was filmed in a shopping mall. <br /><br />Same story chewed over and over again until you want to say ""please),-0.8333333333333334
(,"This should not have been made into a movie. Everything about it was idiotic and I don't think I laughed even once. There were bits and pieces that were okay I guess but that's about it. A lot of parts were strikingly similar to a lot of other movies which did them a hell of a lot better. There were some famous actors/actresses in this but no one did a good job),-0.8
(,"This was one of the most mixed up films I have ever seen. Everything in the movie seemed to be attached to justify some other element that had been glued on. There is even a talking buffalo that wants his wet nose rubbed to make the magic happen. Even the brutal father seems to be stuck in just to give the kids an excuse to fly away in a wagon. It was laughable),-1.5
(,"This zany film rivals the Ghost and Mr. Chicken as one of Don Knott's finest film performances. Knotts is an accountant for a Podunk city hall that is good for swindling the citizens. They fire the ""three competent bookkeepers and keep the dumb one"" (Knotts of course is the dumb one). When his garbage collecting cohort accidentally empties the wrong trash can),-1.25
(,"Okay...so I am gazing through my Mom and Dad's extensive DVD collection (mostly because they don't charge late fees;-)) and I come upon ""A Thousand Acres."" I was stunned that here was a movie that had Jessica Lange AND Michelle Pfeiffer (with a small appearance by Jennifer Jason Leigh) that I had not seen. I don't think I had ever even heard of it before. Well),-2.0
(,"THE SOPRANOS (1999-2007)<br /><br />Number 1 - Television Show of all Time <br /><br />Everyone thought this would be a stupid thing that wouldn't go past a pilot episode. The Sopranos has become a cultural phenomenon and universally agreed as one of the greatest television shows of all time. <br /><br />James Gandolfini plays the enigmatic New Jersey crime boss),-0.25
(,"A very bizarre bringing to the screen of William Shakespeare's tragic love story.<br /><br />The Que family and the Capulet family have a long running hatred of one another which often results in violence. The hatred has something to do with a film company and the fact that everyone is pretty much crazy. In the middle of all of this insanity are Tromeo and Juliet),-0.4
(,"Generally I don't do minus's and if this site could i would give this movie -3 out of 10 meaning I really hated this movie. I thought Uwe Boll's alone in the dark was the worst i've seen yet but at least i gave it a 2.5 out of 10 in my opinion(Stephen Dorff shooting at nothing made me laugh so i boosted the ratings a bit). Hell if it was if compared to bloodrayne),-1.2
(,"I feel very sorry for people who go to movies with a pad and pencil to write down flaws and keep notes on how bad a movie is. I feel equally contempt for people who go to movies and CAN'T suspend reality and/or let themselves enjoy 90 minutes aways from their boring or busy lives! Get a GRIP people. ECGTB is a very ENTERTAINING movie. If you take movies seriously),-1.3333333333333333
(,"My wife and I enjoy bad science fiction movies. Some movies are so bad they are good. Mansquito was one of those. That one was bad but it had some redeeming qualities. It makes you wonder how a self respecting actor approaches lines like ""Hey! Mansquito!""<br /><br />This one is so bad it has now taken its place as our standard for bad. It isn't just a bad movie),-1.5714285714285714
(,"Nintendo!!! YOU #%$@ERS!!! How could you do this to me? I can't believe it...this movie is actually worse than the first one. I went to see this at the theatre with my brother because my mother forced me to tag along....oh God...where do I even begin? The plot SUCKED. The voice acting SUCKED. The animation SUCKED. The ending REALLY SUCKED. If you liked this movie),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The daughter's words are poetry: ""I can't go on another year. I got to get to a hotel room."" ""I lost my blue scarf in a sea of leaves."" ""The marble faun is moving in...he just gave us a washing machine. That's the deal."" ""I'm pulverized by this latest thing."" ""..raccoons and cats become a little bit boring for too long a time."" ""..any little rat's nest),-3.0
(,"Crack House (1989) was one of the few film during the 80's that falls into this genre. What's supposed to be an anti-drug film turns out to be nothing more than some white-exploitation exercise in depravity. There's nothing wrong with that however. The video presentation even has an anti-drug message from one of the stars of the show Richard ""turncoat"" Roundtree),-2.0
(,"I really think I should make my case and have every(horror and or cult)movie-buff go and see this movie...<br /><br />I did!<br /><br />It-is-excellent: Very atmospheric and unsettling and scary...<br /><br />Incridible how they could make such a gem of a film with the very low(read-""no""!)-budget they had....<br /><br />Synopsis taken from website: ""One morning),-1.0
(,"This is one of the weirder movies I have recently watched. That's because it seems less like a movie and more like an experimental film. Kurasawa's experiment was to take a variety of individuals who live at a garbage dump and weave their experiences into a tapestry that offers glimpses of their generally harsh existences. Not every episode is depressing and harsh),-0.5
(,"Unusual film about a man who befriends his social opposite out of fear of blackmail. Peter Boyle makes this film with his foul mouthed boorish portrayal of a working class stiff ""Joe"" in love with the past and fearful of the future and worried about the present. The first half hour of the show features the film debut of a young Susan Sarrandon as Melissa Compton),-1.0
(,"I am compelled to write a review of this IMAX feature as a means of warning others to SAVE YOUR MONEY. Almost any episode of Desmond Morris' ""The Human Animal"" or David Suzuki's ""The Nature of Things"" could have bested the material presented. Not only does the director fail to make use of IMAX's incredible 65 to 70 mm film stock and gigantic presentation screen),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I was under assumption that this was the cat and mouse duo but it wasn't instead it was something that shouldn't have been made not even for its time. They disguise themselves in the ""blackface"" fashion because they fly to Africa and they even act like Stepin Fetchit and all the others rolled into one. There are some cartoons that are racist but they are classics),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I was very disappointed in this movie. Plotwise it was weak bordering on silly: Souls who can affect reality in the way they do? A mission apparently critical to the Soul Hunters entrusted to one of their younger members? And the whole B-story with the ""holobrothel"" and the lawsuit against the station was so awful that at one point I blurted out to the television),-1.4
(,"TOUGH LUCK follows a homeless drifter as he becomes entangled in the underground crime world of deception and chaos. Archie(Norman Reedus) has been released from prison and has nothing to lose. He is almost killed before the owner of a carnival named Ike(Armand Assante) hires him for work. Soon Ike discloses a strong desire for Archie to murder his mischievous wife),-1.4285714285714286
(,"This video has audio that is meant for someone to hear during their sleep. And the same can be said for the video.<br /><br />Morgan and his wife pretending to rough it at minimum wage jobs? With a camera rolling? And his little wifey-poo complaining? Give me a break. They are both rich. They are sitting in their fake $350/month apartment filming this with their $1),-2.0
(,"Wow-this one sucks. I'm gonna sum it up as quickly as possible. <br /><br />A count invites 4 naive sluts back to his castle. A bunch of nothing happens for a long time. Some lame and un-erotic soft-core sex scenes happen. Some girls get their heads cut off (off-screen)-The End.<br /><br />The only things going for this one are the decent looking sets and costumes),-1.6666666666666667
(,"<br /><br />This movie sucked! The first one was way better. No one from the first has returned in this dumb sequel and in some way that is a good thing because of the bad acting but the characters in this film are not even better. Killjoy in the woods? Come on! Give me a break! I'm suprised killjoy's friend the Blair Witch didn't show up to make a cameo. Bad acting),-1.0
(,"I am not an artistically inclined individual. I am a science minded woman and I felt that this movie was maybe one of those campy artsy type films on a budget. I watched part of it with my fiancé and my future step daughter. We tried very hard to find something in this film to keep our interest. My fiancé and his daughter voted it off and we moved on to Ocean's 13),-1.0
(,"I have been a fan of Without A Trace from the premier episode. I really cannot express my disappointment in the episode last week. This is a REAL problem that far too many Afican-American families have dealt with and continue to deal with. The lack of media coverage crucial in the first 48 hours has been documented by a recent study. Law enforcement including local ),-0.75
(,"Sherlock Holmes (Basil Rathbone) and Professor Moriarty (Lionel Atwill) engage in a battle of wits for control of a Switz inventor's newest bomb-sight creation. Holmes wants to safeguard it for the British while Moriarty isn't above selling out to the Nazis. <br /><br />While no doubt many fans will be disappointed to see Holmes updated to the 1940s war-time setting),-0.8
(,"The movie is about Paul(Páll) a young man who sinks into the harsh world of insanity and his stay at the mental hospital ""Kleppur"" and his friends. Victor(Viktor) who during his education in England started to think he was Adolf Hitler. Peter(Pétur) who took to much LSD and tried to fly of a roof top the fall left no broken bones or physical damage only insanity),-1.2857142857142858
(,"This was the second of three films that Irving Berlin wrote for the Astaire-Rogers franchise and it has by far the largest score and is somewhat unusual in that two of the numbers are performed by Harriet Hilliard leaving the rest to be divvied and/or shared between the principals. As usual the storyline needn't detain us though for the record it was based on a play),-0.5
(,"To me movies and acting is all about telling a story. The story of David and Bethsheba is a tragedy that is deep and can be felt by anyone who reads and understands the biblical account. In this movie I thought the storytelling by Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward were at their best. To know and understand the story of David and his journey to become the King of Israel),-2.0
(,"i have lost count as to how many times i have watched this movie. i've never grown tired of it since this is a movie that can be enjoyed and interpreted on so many levels. they just don't make movies like this anymore.<br /><br />after recently finally watching the riveting documentary on the making of this film (Hearts of Darkness:a filmmakers journey into madness)),-1.5
(,"""An astronaut (Michael Emmet) dies while returning from a mission and his body is recovered by the military. The base where the dead astronaut is taken to becomes the scene of a bizarre invasion plan from outer space. Alien embryos inside the dead astronaut resurrect the corpse and begin a terrifying assault on the military staff in the hopes of conquering the world),-1.4
(,"Am I the only person who thinks that the entire Forensics and Scenes Of Crime community in the USA must detest this almighty slap in their faces. A rookie cop is first to a crime scene where her back up is so slow to respond that she has time to send the kid who found the body to the local store to buy a disposable camera. By the time he returns (still no senior cops),-2.0
(,"Bedknobs & Broomsticks is another one of Disney's masterpieces. It was filmed with sequences of animation and the actors and actresses interacting with the animations. (A similar concept was used in Mary Poppins when the children and Mary disappear into the sidewalk art.) I am mainly rating this film through child's eyes because I have not seen it in years. Back then),-1.0
(,"I didn't watch this show that much when I was little. And I think I only watched 1 episode which was about Railroads I believe because I liked trains and still do. Even then I thought it was a baby show. I mostly watched Arthur. The songs are pretty weird too. And I don't think it's that educational either. They just sing some dumb Nursery Rhymes. This is a dumb show),-1.0
(,"I made the mistake of watching ""Dark Star"" (1974) late one night many years ago. It was one of the stupidest movies that I have ever watched:<br /><br />1. Bad acting.<br /><br />2. Bad writing.<br /><br />3. Scientifically stupid plot. (Destroying an entire planet because its orbit is unstable or in the way will only make matters worse: instead of having one large),-1.25
(,"I would have liked to give this movie a zero but that wasn't an option!! This movie sucks!!! The women cannot act. i should have known it was gonna suck when i saw Bobby Brown. Nobody in my house could believe i hadn't changed the channel after the first 15 minutes. the idea of black females as gunslingers in the western days is ridiculous. it's not just a race thing),-0.5
(,"Let's cut to the chase: this movie is softcore pornography marketed for the masses under a name that the studio is milking every last penny out of the American Pie teat. Period.<br /><br />The whole plot (and that shouldn't imply that there's a whole lot to go around) serves as a vehicle to show the audience more boobs and sex scenes.<br /><br />If you're a Tween guy),-1.0
(,"Rugged David Innes (solid Doug McClure) and doddery Dr. Abner Perry (a delightfully dotty Peter Cushing) drill their way into the earth's core in their spiffy mole machine. The duo discover an ancient prehistoric world populated by dangerous gigantic beasts and human beings who are used as both food and slaves by evil telepathic pterodactyl men. Director Kevin Conner),-0.5
(,"This production has absolutely no storyline. The acting is embarrassing. The promising Dutch television Sophie Hilbrand star should not add this movie to her CV. Her acting is far from flawless and personally I think she has crossed boundary of professional decency; relating to the way she exposes herself in this movie. This movie contains too much unnecessary nudity),-1.0
(,"Why can't a movie be rated a zero? Or even a negative number? Some movies such as ""Plan Nine From Outer Space"" are so bad they're fun to watch. THIS IS NOT ONE. ""The Dungeon of Horror"" might be the worst movie I've ever seen (some of anyway. I HAD to fast forward through a lot of it!). Fortunately for the indiscretions of my youth and senility of my advancing age),-1.0
(,"1999 will go down in history as the year the movie critic lead the general public astray. First they sent us to EYES WIDE SHUT. Then they hyped up THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT and now MAGNOLIA which is by far the worst movie of the year. What is it about? Who the heck knows. Its full of self-indulgence and loaded with bad acting. I always like to stay and watch the credits),-1.5
(,"Hercules' son gets severely wounded during a lion hunt that goes awry. Hercules (a solid and engaging performance by the beefy Reg Park) has to venture into an eerie and dangerous alternate dimension ruled by the evil and vengeful Gia the Earth Goddess (a deliciously wicked portrayal by Gia Sandri) and battle various monsters in order to save his son's soul. Meanwhile),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The person's comment that said that Pat Robertson is evil and his program is evil has nothing to compare what evil and righteous is. His definition of evil is the opposite of evil. The Bible itself says that in the last days people will call good evil and evil good! He doesn't even know that he fulfilled Bible prophecy! If you don't know God and refuse to know him now),-1.6666666666666667
(,"This cheapo remake of the terrific Five Star Final suffers from terrible acting. Humphrey Bogart stars as the manager of a sleazoid radio station that is desperate to boost sagging ratings. The owner decides to have a series of morality plays written about a famous murder case from 20 years ago. So they hire the fake preacher (Harry Hayden) to track down the murderess),-1.1428571428571428
(,"This was basically an attempt to do the same thing with ""Batman"" that was done with ""Gilligan's Island"" in ""Surviving Gilligan's Island."" For those of you who missed it (and shame!) ""Surviving Gilligan's Island"" (full title: ""Surviving Gilligan's Island: The Incredibly True Story of the Longest Three Hour Tour in History"") was a special from a few years back),-2.0
(,"A beloved and devoted priest from a small town volunteers for a medical experiment which fails and turns him into a vampire. <br /><br />Physical and psychological changes lead to his affair with a wife of his childhood friend who is repressed and tired of her mundane life. <br /><br />The one-time priest falls deeper in despair and depravity. As things turns for worse),-0.6666666666666666
(,"A bunch of teen dirt bikers are out in the forest riding around in circles. They're having fun; little do they know nature is about to be unleashed by an emo refugee from a Deliverance or Hills Have Eyes movie. He's armed with matches and fire accellerant. And he's got an eye that's bleeding or something. Why torch a park? I dunno. Maybe he doesn't like Smokey the Bear),-0.6666666666666666
(,"DIRTY WAR <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.78:1<br /><br />Sound format: Stereo<br /><br />Emergency services struggle to cope when Islamic terrorists detonate a so-called 'dirty bomb' in the middle of London.<br /><br />Daniel Percival's frightening movie uses all available evidence to dramatize the possible effects of a radioactive explosion in the heart of the UK capital),-2.5
(,"I like to think of myself as a bad movie connoisseur. I like to think that the films most people label as the worst of all time I can easily withstand.<br /><br />But...there are exceptions. I can only recall three movies I have had the misfortune to see that I have repeatedly used the fast-forward button for large chunks of the story. Those movies are The Mighty Gorga),-0.5
(,"I watched this movie for its two hours and have absolutely no idea what it's about. Somebody got murdered or maybe they didn't and maybe somebody did it or maybe they didn't. This brought back memories of the good old days (bad old days?) when all CBC Canadian movies were stinkers. Lately stinkers have been the exception but this confused hodge podge of trendy feminism),-0.75
(,"Now I myself am a lover of the B movie genre but this piece of trash insults me to no end. First of all the movie is starring Lizzy McGuire's brother as the annoying little kid that goes looking for his lost 3 legged dog. Now please what kind of dumb ass mistakes a three-legged dog for a god damn mutated crocodile please I ask you? And heres another point for pondering),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Recovery is a well-judged and balanced drama of a sensitive subject that doesn't sentimentalise the main characters. David Tennant and Sarah Parish bring to the fore the complex and conflicting emotions of a couple deeply in love struggling to come to terms with the personality changes they both endure and also must make to survive a tragic accident.<br /><br />Tennant),-0.75
(,"Robert Colomb has two full-time jobs. He's known throughout the world as a globetrotting TV reporter. Less well-known but equally effortful are his exploits as a full-time philanderer.<br /><br />I saw `Vivre pour Vivre' dubbed in English with the title 'Live for Life.' Some life! Robert seems to always have at least three women in his life: one mistress on her way out),-2.0
(,"The first of the Tarzan movies staring Johnny Weissmuller. The plot has already been summarized so i wont go into it again. Just know that The actors who play Jane and Tarzan were born for the role. If you have not seen this film and you only have the modern day Tarzan films as a reference..you are missing a Real treat. Doesn't matter how far we've come in movie making),-0.5
(,"This is a film that the mainstream market will probably never be able to access as it doesn't exactly give the viewer easy watching. The story about troubled Spike and his friend Heaton is not exactly a Friday night film yet it has its own unique edge and I found that it was entertaining. There are moments of brilliance given that the film was shot on such a low budget),-0.5
(,"this is quite possibly the worst acting i have ever seen in a movie... ever. and what is up with the casting. the leading lady in this movie has some kind of nose dis-figuration and is almost impossible to look at for any period of time without becoming fixated on her nose. you could go to your local grocery store on a Sunday afternoon and easily find 50 more qualified),-0.5
(,"""Black Dragons"" is a second feature WWII propaganda film popular at the time. It's not as bad as some would have you believe.<br /><br /> A secret meeting hosted by the respected Dr. William Saunders (George Pembroke)is interrupted by a mysterious stranger names Monsieur Colomb (Bela Lugosi). Shortly thereafter the participants at the meeting begin to turn up murdered),-0.4
(,"Capt. Gallagher (Lemmon) and flight attendant Eve Clayton (Vaccaro) are a supposedly hot item in this death trip; a luxury 747 airliner decked out to look like a nightclub-slash-hotel there's even a blind piano player who falls in love. Karen Wallace (Grant) is the hysterical b!$3& who'll do anything to get attention from henpecked husband Martin (Christopher Lee) and),-1.0
(,"I have no idea how accurate the portrayal of Flynn appears in this film but even as a work of fiction it is one of the worst films I have ever seen.<br /><br />The script is all over the place and leaves you wondering how he got from one scene to the next - you are just not given the minimum information needed to keep some continuity and understand his present situation),-2.0
(,"I saw the MST3K version of this film and it is a bad movie - but its not nearly as bad as its low IMDB rating (currently 1.8 out of 10). At least the movie has a few production values and it apparently had a competent editor (unlike the movies that truly are awful). The primary problem with this movie is that it had no appealing characters whatsoever. The main character),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Thank God I didn't buy this movie myself! I borrowed it from a friend who bought it out of sheer curiosity and of course after viewing it feel they should be reimbursed! This has got to be one of THE worse movies I've EVER seen! I do realize they couldn't have had much of a budget but I swear I could make a better movie than this staring my pets! The acting was horrible),-1.5
(,"Here's an interesting little movie that strictly gives the phrase ""low budget"" a horrible name. Our physics teacher who has about nine kids creates a strange serum that causes ""molecular reorganization"". Students are hopelessly killed from fake coincidences of submarine sandwiches and flying school supplies. Sounds like a resurrection of classic B-movies from the 50s),-1.0
(,"I came to NEW PORT SOUTH expecting a surrogate movie about the Columbine school massacre similar to Gus Van Sant's ELEPHANT and certainly the synopsis in the TV guide stating that a student sociopath rebels against the system did give me that impression but this is a very boring movie where little happens so consider yourself warned <br /><br />The story is about Maddox ),-2.5
(,"I'm Irish and I've been living in Denmark for a while so I was looking forward to going home last week so I could see Intermission. And I will go on record as saying:<br /><br />THIS FILM IS AWFUL.<br /><br />It is not quite as bad a something like ""The Most Fertile Man in Ireland"" but it definitely does not stand up there with other Irish films such as The Commitments),-0.5
(,"There are really two sections of this film. Firstly there's the laughable prologue to the film which is so hysterical and cornball that it would almost feel appropriate that the 'The Simpsons' Troy McClure should be doing the narration.<br /><br />Then the rest of the film begins (starting off with a title song which really doesn't fit in with the rest of the film) which),-1.0
(,"This is loosely based on the ideas of the original 80's hit . It's set in the modern day as we see a base in Afghanistan get destroyed by a UAV right at the start.<br /><br />And that's exactly where the movie jumps the shark. UAV's aren't armed. They could be but I don't think it's ever been tried for real. We get to see the computer that has masterminded this operation),-3.0
(,"What a nasty cynical film. Apparently this sad excuse for a dramatic urban look at what 20 year olds do whilst crawling through the gutter of Sydney nightlife is supposed to be somehow connecting with its target market. Made by some Industry nobody and pals who seemingly thought they could cobble together any sleazy behavior with a young cast and pour it into multiplexes),-2.0
(,"An actress making a movie in Africa is kidnapped and taken into the jungle where she is held for ransom. The producer hires some one to go and bring her back. Complicating everything are the cannibals in the jungle who worship a really ugly looking ""god"" who likes to eat naked women.<br /><br />This is a gory sleazy movie. There is copious amounts of nudity and violence),-0.75
(,"If folks were really this stupid I could be the SRW - Supreme Ruler of the World. In this one Knotts plays a dimwitted bean counter for some little jerk water town run by a group of crooked simpletons only slightly brighter than he is. When things appear a bit shaky for the crooks they go for a frame-up of the patsy Figg. Plenty of laughs as Knotts does his usual bumbling),-1.5
(,"If it wasn't for some immature gullible idiot I know insisting that I watch this ""documentary"" I would never have seen this comedy! This film is full of bad scripting and laughable moments. One in particular is where the Afghan police / soldiers arrest Don Larson for filming in the streets while they allow the cameraman to carry on filming his arrest and then drive away),-1.8333333333333333
(,"If you think Hannah Montana or the Suite Life are at the bottom of tween sitcoms then you've obviously never watched iCarly. iCarly is without a doubt the worst show I've ever seen. From the lifeless acting to the low budget sets the show reeks of cheapness like last week's Chinese takeout left to simmer in your overheated car.<br /><br />The show revolves around a pretty),-0.25
(,"Not worth the video rental or the time or the occasional efforts.<br /><br />*Makeup that a child can do. *Acting was over done...poor directing. *Editing was very choppy...many things made no sense or just seemed gratuitous. *Sound was badly dubbed. *Music was highly inappropriate. *Casting was extremely off...must have been on crack. *Zombies that talk let alone...drive),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The story concerns a genealogy researcher (Mel Harris) who is hired by her Estee Lauder-like cosmetic queen aunt. Her aunt (by marriage we are left to presume) is trying to track down her long lost family in Europe. All they have to go on is a photo of a young girl standing by an ornate music box. The researcher heads to Europe and conducts her search in places like Milan),-0.5
(,"This is a re-imagining of Tarzan in the era of the Soloflex and Apocalypse Now. There's nothing inherently wrong with using films eased moral constraints to portray an erotic side to the Tarzan legend. There's nothing inherently wrong with the premise that Tarzan doesn't speak. There's plenty wrong with suggesting a woman who could get herself to an African jungle in 1910),-2.0
(,"This movie is a vehicle for Schwarzenegger-clone Alexander Nevsky. His charisma however is insufficient to lift this movie above the level of its poor script. He has little to add to his Arnie-act.<br /><br />Michael York is quite pathetic as the begging diplomat. Watching him revisit his D'Artagnan-act from the time that he was a better actor made me feel uneasy. Come on),-0.6666666666666666
(,"From the first scene you are given clues as to what may be going on here. It becomes more and more obvious as the story rolls on. The acting is excellent throughout and these actors touch your soul. Even though I knew what was going to happen I was extremely puzzled by the motive. I'm still puzzled as to why Ben did what he did. We could see in his face ""second thoughts""),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Greenthumb Grace is left penniless after her husbands death so she turns to ganja-growing in order to pay the bills. It sounds promising and the ever-reliable Brenda Blethyn doesn't disappoint but the material is sitcom-thin. There's actually a scene where Grace asks her young gardener to ""Give me one"" (a toke) and he thinks she's asking for sex and acts all awkward. Yes),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I would like to say that unlike many of the people who disliked this film and found it impossible to understand I was fully able to understand it for what it is.. A very incoherent attempt at a plot line.<br /><br />I don't like to toss this word around but in this case it fits very well. The director firstly presents the material in an extremely ""arrogant"" way and worse),-0.25
(,"It really was that bad. On a par with the (mercifully!) short-lived ""Dirty Dozen"" TV series that starred Ben Murphy and was made at around the same time (also on the cheap in Yugoslavia).<br /><br />I was embarrassed for the cast members of this film - and for Telly Savalas in particular. He was waaaaaay too old and fat for the role (pushing 70 when he made this garbage)),-2.0
(,"Sergio Martino's The Case of the Scorpion's Tail is a scenic giallo from the early 70's heyday of the genre. An explosion on an aeroplane results in one million dollars in insurance money for a bereaved but unfaithful wife. The money is subsequently snatched by a black-clad assassin and a series of brutal murders follow.<br /><br />Scorpion's Tail plays the mystery element),-2.0
(,"This is possibly the worst version of the play I have seen - several times on stage apart from the movie.<br /><br />A very nice idea for the set up - the American South can give a credible backdrop for the extreme reaction round Hero's supposed misdemeanour.<br /><br />But the execution! Widdoes is a very mannered Beatrice giving a particularly poor performance. Waterston),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Very poor quality and the acting is equally as bad. This movie is a prime example of present day england and the mindset. There is no mention of Jesus in this movie nor does the movie feature any type of scripture Christianity as most know it. <br /><br />I am also very surprised because this film is a BBC program and the BBC is quit well known for their quality programing),-1.5
(,"Wow !! I didn't even know about this movie until I was searching for the name of another Mark Hamill classic (Time Runner). Some things are better left unknown. Mark Hamill's role is quite ... limited. I would compare his appearance in this movie to all those appearances of Vincent Price and Christopher Lee in those bad horror b-movies of the 60's and 70's. In those movies),-0.5
(,"""Kings and Queen"" is a bloated French drama that rambles on for an interminable two hours and thirty-two minutes to no discernible point or purpose.<br /><br />The film features two stories that seem unrelated at first but which eventually connect with one another about halfway through the movie. The first centers around Nora and her struggles with various men in her life),-1.5
(,"Final Solution is a powerful christian film that shows the hate between the black and whites that was present in the days of apartheid. It shows how this hate was contrived and was groomed from generation to generation. Jan Ellis was taught that a black man was a plague. He was raised to be that way. <br /><br />Then he meets a man who is on the opposite side of his beliefs),-1.3333333333333333
(,"German filmmaker Ulli Lommel has managed a task many horror fans thought was impossible: he's unseated fellow Teuton Uwe Boll for the crown of director of the worst horror film ever made.<br /><br />Lommel is truly the Ed Wood of the new millennium. This film is as shoddy and laughable as the best-worst of EW. I am both proud and embarrassed to say that I watched it in toto),-1.0
(,"I bought the video for £13 at HMV (we pay more in Britain) as a friend had told me it was highly rated and the reviews on this site were generally impressive.<br /><br />I have to say that the opening credits were a let down...the dancing/music not very powerful.<br /><br />The car ride and unexpected crash just as the lady passenger was going to be harmed was a nice touch),-0.5
(,"I found 'Shuttle' an incredibly frustrating film to watch. It starts quite well and moves along briskly until the first 'injury' (which is a doozy). After that it becomes very lazy and underwritten as a story. It was the case of the plot driving the characters and not the characters driving the plot. If you hate film where you can't understand why characters do what they do),-2.0
(,"I just blew four dollars renting this movie! Why Alliance Atlantis would promote such a poor excuse for a film is beyond me. But even more surprising was the reasonably good reviews that a couple of Canadian newspaper critics gave this film. I'm tired of our media justifying a film simply because it's Canadian and low budget. It's like they expect Canadian films to be lousy),-0.14285714285714285
(,"The 1935 version of ""Enchanted April"" manages to be simultaneously tedious<br /><br />and perfunctory. It is difficult to show the transformative magic of Italy shooting in a studio with only stereotypical Italian behavior to belabor. The transformation of the four strangers fleeing London is instantaneous in the cut from the first day to a week later. Rather than develop),-1.0
(,"The first review I saw of this on IMDB says that Vince Vaughn is a much better actor than Anthony Perkins was in this role. Makes me wonder if he saw the original. It's tough to review Psycho if you don't have the perspective of how revolutionary the movie was in 1960. You have a heroine who isn't very likable and is killed not far into the movie and a villain who is creepy),-0.5
(,"This film takes you to another time when there was a different pace to everyday life. We get an idea how families had to deal with the war and how quickly we sent young men off to fight. A very touching look at the past and a reminder that casualties of war don't just happen on the front.<br /><br />Luckily many of us have never had to go through what our great-grandparents),-2.0
(,"After I got done watching this movie I was so upset that I had wasted 2 hours of my life. That's 2 hours I'll never get back. Ugh. When you start this you might think ""Wow this is really good!"" But rest assured that first impressions mean NOTHING. I was so excited about this movie until the dumbest ending I have ever seen. This movie is simply pathetic. The acting is bland),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I ordered the movie from Korea because I was an extra in it and was interested to see how it turned out.<br /><br />Having watched it I can say that I am ashamed to have had any part of it. I feel embarrassed not only for myself but for everyone else who had any part in the making of this mockery of British ""comedy"".<br /><br />From beginning to end the film is predictable),-0.25
(,"The concept of this movie is pretty compelling: zombie children climbing out of an abandoned mine to seek revenge for their deaths in the backwoods of Pennsylvania. Cool. The problem I had with the movie is the lack of creativity when dealing with the zombies. The makers could have really spiced this film up with some terror-like imagery a la ""The Ring"" such as stop action),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Move over Manos. Back off Boogens. It doesn't take a Baby Genius to know that Malibu Beach Vampires (MBV for the rest of this tome) is now and always will be (unless someone makes a sequel to Zarkorr The Invader) the worst film ever. The only horror in this thing is watching it. I wonder if this was an attempt for someone to meet babes by casting a movie. If this was the case),-3.0
(,"Never viewed this film until recently on TCM and found this story concerning Poland and a small town which had to suffer with the Nazi occupation of the local towns just like many other European Cities for example: Norway. The First World War was over and people in this town were still suffering from their lost soldiers and the wounded which War always creates. Alexander Knox),-1.25
(,"This is by far the worst adaptation of Jane Eyre I have seen. It is uncertain whether or not the writer of the screenplay ever read the book by Bronte. George C Scott is ridiculous and bumbling as Rochester -- when not just plain old acting angry. Susannah York has the most dated 1970's hairstyle I have ever seen in a Victorian movie. The characters hardly speak to each other),-2.3333333333333335
(,"You can't really blame the movie maker for glorifying Che because the industry is all about money. Most of the stories you hear about this ""freedom fighter"" are absolute tripe fabricated by the communist Cuban government after Che's death. Che was a murdering scumbag from day one. Here's a list of the great things Che did for Cuba 1) Executed thousands of innocent Cuban Men),-0.8
(,"Art imitates life imitates art. Atticus Finch is reincarnated into the D.A. in this tragic and suspenseful gripping documentary that plays more like a who-done-it and how did it happen. The authenticity and sometimes reluctant honesty of the individuals make this a compelling story in many layers. Although racism is one of the themes there are other elements such as work ethic),-1.0
(,"Sometimes laughter in the middle of a horror film is a signal of its greatness. I remember the nervous laughter from the audience in the re-release of The Excorcist really nervous laughter. It punctuated just how freaked out we all were watching the voice of Satan coming out of a 12 year old girl. In the case of the 2006 remake of the 1972 cult classic The Wicker Man however),-2.0
(,"The Good:<br /><br />Effective color scheme. Good costumes. Top notch set production. Well detailed CGI buildings and vehicles.<br /><br />The Bad:<br /><br />Horrible mixture of actors with all CGI actors mixes Fifth Element with Final Fantasy. The CGI actors look even worse than video games from a few years ago. Flawed logic. A giant pyramid shows up and no one researches it),-2.0
(,"A movie/documentary about different people in Austria on the hottest weekend of the year. It follows what they are doing and maybe more what they are not doing. The tempo is very quiet......so you have to relax.......breathe in...breathe out before you see it......<br /><br />First you think....but nothing is happening and you get a little angry over that..and thats the problem),-2.5
(,"From the decrepit ranks of the already over-saturated 'Hillybilly Horror' sub-genre comes this woeful tale of a vacationing family terrorized by inbred rednecks. Sound familiar? Well it most definitely should to anyone with even a cursory knowledge of the horror genre. There is absolutely new here. The film seems content to recycle all thee old worn out clichés (deformed hicks),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I had no idea what this film was about or even knew that it existed until about 1 month ago when I stumbled upon when I was searching for other films that stared Dominic Monaghan. I thought this film was a strange insight into the mind of a none sleeper and what his/her mind may be going through in the hours that they spend awake when the rest of the world around them is asleep),-1.0
(,"I recommend that movie viewers if in the New York City area go to the Intrepid museum and get some idea of how closed in and cramped the living was for the crews of World War II vintage submarines. How much more so that must have been for the seamen during World War I. It must have truly been hell below.<br /><br />Walter Huston and Robert Montgomery head the cast of Hell Below),-1.0
(,"OK this will contain spoilers. Now I have never seen such a large pile of poop since the laxative/feed mix up at the elephant enclosure in the zoo! It has more plot holes than moth eaten lace and as for the 'realistic' plot line. Well sexual slavery is a dreadful and very real world wide problem and this pile of bilge utilises this plague as a plot device to titillate and tease),-2.6666666666666665
(,"This has to be the worst piece of garbage I've seen in a while.<br /><br />Heath Ledger is a heartthrob? He looked deformed. I wish I'd known that he and Naomi Watts are an item in real life because I spent 2 of the longest hours of my life wondering what she saw in him. <br /><br />Orlando Bloom is a heartthrob? With the scraggly beard and deer-in-the-headlights look about him),-1.0
(,"Well then. I just watched an crap-load of movies--all with varying degrees of quality. I wasn't too sure about which one I wanted to review first. Then it hit me like a sack-a-rats: Rodentz. Warn people about Rodentz. This monstrosity stars nobody and is painfully dull to sit through. And it's about mutant rats killing people. Yeah... real freaking' original. ""Food of the Gods),-1.0
(,"I first caught the movie on its first run on HBO in (probably) 1981 and being 15 years old I thought the movie was hilarious. I remember NOT seeing the Alfred E. Neuman depictions shown in the theatrical trailers. When MAD Magazine satired the movie and abruptly halted half way through with apologies from the ""usual gang"" for lowering themselves to satire such a piece of crap),-3.0
(,"THE CAT O'NINE TAILS (Il Gatto a Nove Code) <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 2.35:1 (Cromoscope)<br /><br />Sound format: Mono<br /><br />(35mm and 70mm release prints)<br /><br />A blind ex-journalist (Karl Malden) overhears a blackmail plot outside a genetics research laboratory and later teams up with a fellow reporter (James Franciscus) to investigate a series of murders at the lab),-1.5
(,"This movie is the worst I've seen in the last 5 years. It is surprising how brilliant actors like two main characters in this movie has accepted to act in such worthless peace of trash. The film is rape/beating and revenge genre. Couple has gone to party and on the way back they hit a deer and he went out to finish it when a jeep full of bad guys comes. He didn't go to their car),-0.125
(,"A klutzy young man returns West after being schooled in the hotel business via Boston; he quickly learns his friends in Spanish-colonized Old California expect him to fill his deceased father's shoes instead--that of a romantic thief known for kissing his female victims after robbing them. Colorful but silly M-G-M production has a great deal of talent before and behind the camera),-0.3333333333333333
(,"A touching documentary that puts a human face on the tragedy of 9/11 by showing how one small community coalesced to honor two high school friends lost on that day. The film interweaves the lives of Chris and Tom through interviews with family and friends and snippets of old photos. Through their reminiscences we glimpse two lives tragically cut short. The film also documents how),-1.0
(,"How do stories this bad get made. That's not a question. It is a statement.<br /><br />Here are my problems with the film.<br /><br />1) Much of the story development was predictable and boring. My emotions ran pretty much in a flat line throughout. There wasn't really much to draw the viewer into the film.<br /><br />2) The characters were decidedly uncharismatic. One was a loon),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Most book adaptations are bad but this film left out key parts of the storyline and changed the description and some characters. They rewired the storyline and combined scenes and changed the order. They added ridiculous things into it that never happened in the book and would never happen.<br /><br />If i hadn't read the book beforehand it would have been an incredibly dull film),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Randolph Scott is leaving the USA for the greener pastures of Canada's British Columbia. He wants to start a cattle ranch there with partner Bill Williams and cook Lee Tung Foo. They stampede their small herd over a toll bridge erected by Victor Jory. Later Jory rustles their cattle and Williams loses his left arm during the fracas.<br /><br />From 1945 until 1962 when he retired),-2.0
(,"higher learning is a slap in the face for those of us that have been in the closet too long regardless of ethnic background. it's a subject most of us would like to ignore but we cannot afford to if there is to be a real progressive change in the way we HAVE TO be able embrace and understand diversity.some have criticized this film as hateful or dumb but the fact of the matter is),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Arnold once again in the 80's demonstrated that he was the king of action and one liners in this futuristic film about a violent game show that no contestant survives. But as the tag line says Arnold has yet to play! The movie begins in the year 2019 in which the world economy has collapsed with food and other important materials in short supply and a totalitarian state has arisen),-1.2
(,"I read that Jessie Matthews was approached and turned down co-starring with Fred Astaire in Damsel in Distress. Jessie Matthews in her prime never left her side of the pond to do any American musical films. IF they had teamed for this film it would have been a once in a lifetime event.<br /><br />It's a pity because Damsel in Distress has everything else going for it. Fred Astaire),-2.0
(,"This film has to be one of the most boring films ever made. The only thing I liked is using Argento-esquire lighting in most of the scenes. The music is awful and the pace is so slow that you can watch it at 2x the speed and even then it would be slow. The story doesn't exist. It doesn't even have any shocking scenes.<br /><br />It is classified (on this site at least) as a horror),-1.5
(,"Whale-hunters pick on the wrong freaking whale.<br /><br />A group of yahoo whale exploitists capture a female and string her up by her tail-fin. The whale's mate sees the whole thing including the moment the female's unborn baby slips out and slops onto the deck. 'Captain Nolan' (Richard Harris) could tell that the big male is really mad by the way it stared him down as if to say),-1.3333333333333333
(,"When I borrowed this movie from a friend (thankfully I did not buy it) on the package (which truly looked bad and ugly) was printed ""The ultimate vampire horror"". After watching it I thought that the marketing campaign was probably more expensive than the film itself. The ""story"" begins when a teenager (surprise!) is chased by some vampire/zombie-creatures.<br /><br />Lighting),-3.0
(,"(Warning: Some spoilers ahead.)<br /><br />What an incredibly crappy movie. It makes Iron Eagle 2 seem good.<br /><br />The story is as follows: Captain Holiday (Rutger Hauer) gets shot down by his friend Banning (Robert Patrick) to stop him from shooting down a iraqi airliner filled with innocent civilians. Six years later Holiday returns to take his revenge. Among other things he),-1.0
(,"I did no research on the film prior to my first viewing of it because it was part of a Welles box set I had recently purchased. A box set I chiefly got because I wanted to own A Man For All Seasons and to also re-evaluate Waterloo. So I stick Orson and Rita in the player and I'm treated to class and confusion in equal measure.<br /><br />On the surface the story seemed a simple one),-1.0
(,"I gather at least a few people watched it on Sept.2 on TCM. If you did you know that Hedy had to change her name to avoid being associated with this movie when she came the U.S. It was a huge scandal and I gather that the original release in the U.S. was so chopped up by censors that it was practically unintelligible. I watched because I had just seen a documentary on ""bad women""),-1.6
(,"Tenshu is imprisoned and sentenced to death. When he survives electrocution the government officials give him a choice to either be electrocute at a greater degree or agree to some experiments. He chooses the experimentation and is placed in a large metallic cell with a bad ass criminal who also survived the electrocution. They can have whatever the want in the room (within reason)),-0.7777777777777778
(,"Don't pay any attention to the rave reviews of this film here. It is the worst Van Damme film and one of the worst of any sort I have ever seen. It would appeal to somebody with no depth whatever who requires nothing more than gunfire and explosions to be entertained.<br /><br />Seeing that this is directed by Peter Hyams it has made me realise that Peter has no talent as a director),-1.8
(,"Remember the chain-smoking channeler exposed on 60 Minutes a few years ago? This is her. Lots of folks reviewed this movie without checking the bona fides of the filmmakers. The producers have been using phony ""word of mouth"" promotions very successfully without disclosing the financial and philosophical underpinnings for this piece of marketing tripe. If you believe in channeling),-1.0
(,"Serge Farnel made a very precise critics of this film in the revue ""The Rwandese night"" (www.lanuitrwandaise.net)<br /><br />A critics which shows how France was behind all the situation undergone by the United Nations in Rwanda.<br /><br />The UN soldiers were in a dangerous situation while the french soldiers were warmly welcomed by the genocide forces.<br /><br />The day before),-0.6666666666666666
(,"THIS IS NOT A CHILDREN'S MOVIE!!!<br /><br />This movie is like a ""bad acid trip"" for kids under the age of 5. For a month my 4 year old from time-to-time would ask me ""Why was that rabbit bleeding from its mouth"" or ""Why did the bulldozer bury all the rabbits?"". (And that wasn't the worst of it). We stopped it about a 1/2 hour in but the damage had been done. Intensely morbid),-1.6
(,"This comment discusses ""North and South Book I"" dealing with 1842-1861 period<br /><br />The 19th century history of the USA is mostly identified by people with the Civil War (1861-1865). This is a reasonable opinion because that was Civil War which put the Union under the severe test; that was the Civil War which made Americans realize how precious it is to live in peace; finally),-2.0
(,"This is yet another western about a greedy cattle baron looking to push out small ranchers and farmers. It's certainly all been done before and since. But The Violent Men is something special.<br /><br />What makes it special is Barbara Stanwyck playing the role of vixen as she often did in her later films. She's married to the crippled Edward G. Robinson who's the cattle baron here),-2.0
(,"This movie is maybe one of the most boring movies of 2000 that I have seen! Especially the music fails to create suspense when people suddenly disappear. Also aspects such as martial law are not treated with the necessary seriousness. The story itself has problems: the UN could never take power over the world since the United States alone would not allow it but nations such as China),-1.5
(,"This was the first Chan film made by Monogram. What a come down from Fox values and standards! I was shocked when I saw my first Monogram after seeing the great Fox films. This is boring and uninspired with wild music playing as Chan calmly walks across the street. Chan is now working for the US Secret Service rather than the Honolulu Police Department. He is assisted by Benson Fong),-0.6666666666666666
(,"When I bought 4 DVDs for £5.oo in a local shop it should have been warning enough that this movie was not up to the usual standard of David Selznick Productions. With a cast containing such names as James Stewart and Carole Lombard I was looking forward to a real treat. As many other commentators have said it is an odd mixture of plot and scenes that doesn't quite convince. HOWEVER),-2.5
(,"""Deliverance"" is one of the best exploitation films to come out of that wonderful 1970's decade from whence so many other exploitation films came.<br /><br />A group of friends sets out on a canoe trip down a river in the south and they become victimized by a bunch of toothless hillbillies who pretty much try to ruin their lives. It's awesome.<br /><br />We are treated to anal rape),-0.42857142857142855
(,"As much as I dislike saying 'me too' in response to other comments - it's completely true that the first 30 minutes of this film have nothing whatsoever to do with the endless dirge that comprises the following 90.<br /><br />Having been banned somewhere doesn't make a film watchable. Just because it doesn't resemble a Hollywood product does not make it credible.<br /><br />Worse yet),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I am continuously amazed at the US networks. What is the matter with them? Yet another very very promising series axed after just 15 episodes and we are left not knowing what the hell happens to everyone. I really thoroughly enjoyed this show and am so annoyed that we will never find out what happens to the characters and the 'monsters' from the deep. This show had everything. Humour),-0.8
(,"I can't believe the likes of Guillermo del Toro and Kim Bassinger got involved ins this piece of garbage! The script is so poorly written and the directing so weak (both by the same person) that its hard to find more one-dimension characters in a film. The dialogs are so lame that this so called thriller got laughs out of the few fools that got into the theatre. The setup it's tricky),-0.6666666666666666
(,"A Thief in the Night has got to be the best out of all the end times thrillers. I have no clue what people are complaining about what people are whining about when they say that these movies scared them into accepting God. They just needed to find an excuse and blamed A Thief In The Night. Do not listen! These movies do not only tell of one of the many possibilities of the tribulation),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Do-It-Yourself indie horror auteur Todd Sheets returns with another entertainingly atrocious nickel'n'dime shot-on-video clunker that's basically just a feeble excuse to sling around a lot of watery blood and gleaming guts as often as possible. An evil demonic scarecrow resurrects the dead as ravenous rot-faced zombies so they can feast on the living. A bunch of bickering college kids),-2.25
(,"I never intended to write a review of this movie. Actually I was just on the sight looking for the name of the star of the film and then I started reading reviews... I guess I'll never learn. This movie is horrible! I'm not going to justify my comments with specific reasons because I really find it hard to believe that anyone with any taste actually LIKES this. A guilty pleasure? Okay),-2.0
(,"I really felt cheated after seeing this picture. It felt like I sat watching this movie 101 minutes for nothing. I don't understand what they were thinking when they made this. It hardly gets into Jeffrey Dahmer murdering and it has no ending. It felt almost like they were leaving this movie open for a sequel. It was like watching a television episode of the Sopranos. It ends suddenly),-0.16666666666666666
(,"The fact that I watched this entire movie says something about it...or me. It is not a good movie. Terrible in fact. But terrible in the way that kept my attention in that perverse manner that is akin to watching a tragedy and not being able to look away. It would have made a great MST3K subject!<br /><br />Most of the things that make a terrible movie enjoyable are here: bad dialogue),-0.8333333333333334
(,"The poster who called this ""Plotless and pointless"" literally took the words I would have used in my subject line. The only thing I'd add is ""passionless."" For a film made by a real life married couple and featuring lots of graphic sex scenes this movie manages to make what should be a sultry situation into one beyond ice cold. Dafoe and Colagrande look bored during the sex scenes),-2.0
(,"This is not a story. It's a bunch of psychic needles reaching for your subconscious. If you wait for a story you'll be bored. But if you give yourself over to it you'll be inside it's dreamworld within 10 minutes. The vague but disturbing images of pain and torture in a desolate landscape leave room for your own fantasies. The strange soundtrack that gives you the feeling of isolation),-1.25
(,"well well One cant b wasting time just cause of a big star-cast ..i think all i could see is a bunch of talents wasting their time on a big screen with some pathetic humor which will appeal to i do not know who? some pathetic songs that will be heard by who? some pathetically abrupt turnings justified by who? race against time? u mean waste against time? OK so first you spoil your kid),-0.3333333333333333
(,"what a waste of time! i expected better from cameron diaz! i guess it wasn't really her fault for being in a terrible film. the film does not capture the beauty of europe.....and wasn't successful in leading the audience into suspense or wonder. weak attempt at storytelling and narrating -- dialogue is dull and wasn't able to convey what i sometimes think simplicity is beauty. no love),-0.125
(,"I really enjoy this genre but The Cell was one of the worst movies I've ever been unfortunate enough to watch. While about 25 percent of my audience wandered in and out of the theater during the viewing (or left entirely) I was dumb enough to stick it out. The main problems with this story (there were too many to list all) is that with this type of film you have to do two things... one),-1.5
(,"Jameson Parker And Marilyn Hassett are the screen's most unbelievable couple since John Travolta and Lily Tomlin. Larry Peerce's direction wavers uncontrollably between black farce and Roman tragedy. Robert Klein certainly think it's the former and his self-centered performance in a minor role underscores the total lack of balance and chemistry between the players in the film. Normally),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Pretty lame and awful slasher about someone killing the members of a high school track team after their star runner dies during a meet.<br /><br />Christopher George gives a hilariously over-the-top performance as the track team's coach. I don't think ANYONE has ever taken track and field as seriously as Chris does here - not even in the Olympics. It's a typically divine CG performance),-2.6666666666666665
(,"Too bad somebody did not have the smarts to release this movie to theaters. I had never heard of it when it appeared on cable. After the first shock of realizing this is not like any other movie you have seen since Bringing Up Baby you have to let it sweep you along and run with it. Not until it's over do you realize it covers issues that are not only subtle but significant. Alienation),-1.0
(,"i'm watching this horrid film as we speak. it is possibly one of the worst movies ever aired in my house. i'm sitting here with 3 friends and they agree. its not scary. its not funny. its not dramatic. it contains nothing appealing whatsoever. we are 49 minutes in the movie. we've only seen 2 critters. only one person has died. this movie is one big letdown. nothing about this horrible),-1.6666666666666667
(,"most of the bad reviews on this website blame ""Hood of the Living Dead"" for one (or more) of the following reasons: 1) it is a low-budget movie with virtually no acting; 2) it was so bad it made me laugh 3) it is something I could do myself. I won't even discuss the first point because it is a very subjective matter whether you like low-budget and independent stuff or not. I must say),-0.7142857142857143
(,"2:37 succeeds admirably at showing us what Australian teenagers feel and don't say. These are the stories of real kids and I think we would be naive to think otherwise. The only new thing 2:37 really brings us is an Australian point of view. We often watch troubled American children but often fail to link the same problems to our own teens. Executed with clever and artful cinematography),-1.2
(,"<br /><br />Oh my word!! I have never seen a film so lacking in any kind of moral judgement or consideration for anything other than the death of the scum! Michael Winner here makes a valid observation of human desires in displaying a gung-ho troth world of deep and damaged execution. Not only does he spoon feed us with utter hell on earth seen through the face of the moustached Bronson),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I question the motive of the creators of this fictional account of the BTK killer's motives. Are they attempting to portray animal rights activists as sick monsters? Who is responsible for this? Don't they think the people involved with this monster are hurting enough? What a blatant disrespect and exploitation of the victims! It was like a personality experiment: What disturbs you more),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The scariest thing about freshman director Carter Smith's new horror movie ""The Ruins"" is the closing credits that list comedian Ben Stiller as one of the executive producers. What was Stiller thinking when he sank his bucks into this chiller about cursed carnivorous undergrowth that creeps up on its victims and devours them. Oscar-nominated scenarist Scott B. Smith of ""A Simple Plan),-3.0
(,"This film was total rubbish. I was sitting watching this absolutely furious that this was funded. They most definitely spent all their budget on the special FX rather than the script writer and director AND some of the actors.<br /><br />First the acting was bland and rubbish. The story was not relatable to the audience enough. Rather than being from the peoples perspective of the storm),-3.0
(,"This is probably the worst movie ever made it is just to bad the name of Roger Corman is associated with it. I could've understand it in his early years when he had lower budgets but nowadays there is no excuses for giving birth to this! I'm a ""B"" movie pervert and from certain people point of view all the flicks I love are put aside by ""regular viewers"" but take my word on this one),-0.6
(,"This is without doubt Rajnikanth's worst movies ever. The first part is held in place with solid comedy from Goundamani but it progressively gets worse and worse and completely illogical. Our hero also takes a dig at Saints with the same name (Baba) through a corny and utterly lame one-liner. The first half has Rajni uttering his usual array of oneliners and style and in the second half),-0.875
(,"At the bottom end of the apocalypse movie scale is this piece of pish called 'The Final Executioner'.. at least where I come from. A bloke is trained by an ex-cop to seek vengeance on those that killed his woman and friends in cold blood.. and that's about it. Lots of fake explosions and repetitive shootings ensue. Has one of the weirdest array of costumes I've seen in a film for a while),-3.0
(,"Someone has already mentioned ""being at the right time at the right place"" It was so true for this documentary that i had doubts about the genuineness of the scenes and thought it included perhaps some acting but it is not. It is all real. The story is nothing new for the people of the developing and/or poor countries. It sheds light on the manipulation of the people by corporate media),-0.5
(,"This film is really vile. It plays on the urban paranoia of the 70s/80s and puts it into a school context. I'm not saying that urban crime wasn't a problem for a lot of people or that schools weren't/aren't problem areas but this vile piece of exploitation takes the biscuit. Violence is beyond anything realistically imaginable but in this case it's not a case of social issues but a white),-2.5
(,"This is a really really bad movie. However It's good to laugh at the horrible ideas and ""special"" effects. The plot centers around an EU space agency that discovers a 10th planet that orbits directly opposite the Earth. They send a maned mission (they have been to Mars and have yet to discover this planet? Is anybody stupid enough to fall for this?) to the planet and can you believe it),-0.8
(,"Good for an evening's entertainment - but the plot was unconvincing. Garrison's affair with the First Lady was unreal and passionless; the President was a cardboard cut-out. And who were the real villains anyway? Nothing was developed or explained sufficiently. I still don't know why they wanted to kill the President or how the mole got involved. The villains were nameless and undeveloped),-3.0
(,"If you want to waste a small portion of your life sit in front of this predictable zombie film. It fails at the first post by not being scary OR funny. It is a dull grey movie that I guess went straight to video. Hammy and tongue in cheek acting leave a sour taste in the mouth. If you want to watch a poor but still watchable recent zombie film watch Diary of the Dead. Poor special effects),-0.8
(,"Skippy from Family Ties goes from clean-cut to metal kid in this fairly cheesy movie. The film seems like it was made in response to all those upset parents who claimed metal music was turning their kids evil or making them kill themselves - except in this one a dead satanic metal star is trying to come back from the grave (using Skippy to help out). And while the plot is corny and cliche),-1.2857142857142858
(,"The title says it all. ""Tail Gunner Joe"" was a tag given to the Senator which relied upon the ignorance of the public about World War II aircraft. The rear facing moving guns relied upon a latch that would prevent the rear gunner from shooting off the tail of the airplane by preventing the gun from firing when it pointed at the tail. When the Senator was practicing on the ground one day),-1.4
(,"This is by far my favorite film of all time. That's mainly because it's not afraid to delve into some very politically incorrect topics (such as spanking and female submissiveness) that other mainstream films are just too timid to touch. Nothing seems to be off-limits in this film as the director freely develops the story without any concern given to possibly offending the viewer. However),-1.0
(,"I should preface this by stating that I am a Dolph Lundgren fan. The man turns out some of the funniest action clichés imaginable and Detention is probably my personal favorite. *Spoiler* even though there is no such thing as a Dolph spoiler since the scripts are so absurd to begin with: a chase scene with a handicapped kid carrying a pistol versus a guy on a Harley with a sub-machine gun),-1.0
(,"I was really excited about seeing this film. I thought finally Australia had made a good film.. but I was wrong.<br /><br />This was the most pathetic attempt at a slasher film ever. I feel sorry for Molly Ringwald having to come all the way to Australia to make an awful movie.<br /><br />The acting was terrible (especially that Australian guy who was trying to speak in an American accent)),-0.5
(,"It's hard to comment on this movie. It's one of the few movies Dimension actually has not shelved (it's hard to come up with a reason why) and it was rushed into a an unimpressive 500 theaters it's opening day. Maybe Dimension was afraid of how people would respond to a swamp creature using his tow truck to pull a house apart piece by piece.<br /><br />Ray Sawyer is just a tow truck driver),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Lucille Ball tries to look 30 years younger than she actually was in this poor excuse for a musical.<br /><br />The movie features some of the worst choreography ever seen laced with the constant threat that Lucy might break into song with her bourbon voice at any moment. Lucy's total lack of talent as a singer and dancer sinks the film before it can begin and aside from die-hard Lucy fans),-2.0
(,"Stupid and just plain weird movie about some kid who becomes traumatized when he finds out Santa isn't real (???). He grows up and becomes an adult (Brandon Maggart) who makes lists of people who are naughty or nice. One Christmas he snaps and sets out to kill the naughty people--dressed as Santa of course.<br /><br />Boring and just plain bad killer Santa movie. If you're looking for gore),-2.6666666666666665
(,"This is an anti-Serb propaganda film made for TV.<br /><br />""The Muslims are good; the Orthodox Christian Serbs are BAD."" <br /><br />That's the message.<br /><br />Using ""entertainment"" to get across a propaganda message is nothing new.<br /><br />This movie lays it on thick.<br /><br />And apparently many viewers and reviewer lap it up.<br /><br />I know better.<br /><br />The Serbs),-2.0
(,"This is one of those movies that was never publicized and therefore was missed when it originally played in the theaters.<br /><br />I came across it while switching TV channels and was immediately engrossed in this story of an aging rodeo bum whose recklessness and lack of responsibility hurt everyone around him. I've often wanted to see the movie again but couldn't even remember its name),-1.25
(,"What is night vision? Well according to the star (Williamson) let's see...one package store owner says to him 'it's getting dark outside' to which he replies 'it makes for better.........'night vision.' What in the hell does that mean? In fact what in the hell is this movie trying to say? It has plot holes that you could drive the killer's van through. Not to mention a cop on duty drinking),-4.0
(,"I didn't know anything about this movie before I watched it. It seems to be a lesser-known teen horror from the 80's. What struck me were the ways it differed from so many other movies from that era.<br /><br />The first thing I noticed was how slowly this movie builds. It doesn't do the typical setup of showing characters being murdered one by one. It takes its time building the back story),-1.0
(,"I don't know why I keep doing this to myself!! I keep on defending the Dutch and Belgian cinema and claim that it should get more credit and chances...and then they smack you around the head with junk like this! Intensive Care is a terrible production and probably the worst thing that was ever made in the Dutch-speaking countries. It's a Dutch attempt to create our very own horror franchise),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Not a good one. -Not at all.<br /><br />This installment revolves around a descent of the original murderer inside the Amityville home who must face his past to rid himself of the nightmarish terror of Amityville itself.<br /><br />It's basically nothing. My bet is that this film was made for some extra fast-cash to buy a boat or something... because this one's just ridiculous... Thankfully),-0.6666666666666666
(,"There are some things I can never understand. Such as this movie. What if I were to create a really really cheap and crappy looking Dino and crocodile polygon model in Maya and then proceed to cut and paste that into an amateur video clip having people scream and getting eaten by the same thing? How can anyone even believe that an utterly fake CGI dinocroc that looks completely out of place),-2.0
(,"Young Mr. Lincoln marks the first film of the director/star collaboration of John Ford and Henry Fonda. I recall years ago Fonda telling that as a young actor he was understandably nervous about playing Abraham Lincoln and scared he wouldn't live up to the challenge.<br /><br />John Ford before the shooting starts put him at ease by saying he wasn't going to be playing the Great Emancipator),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I am not even willing to vote a single star for this crap but IMDb does't have zero as rating option... worst movie i have ever watched.. Story of the movie 1. Predator ship crashes on earth 2. One alien and some face huggers are released and they start killing humans. 3. One predator arrives on earth and he starts killing aliens and humans. 4. Then one human jet drops a bomb and kills human),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I play this game exactly after I watch the trailer in old magazine advertise CD...<br /><br />The is very interesting and dark atmospheric (missing in nowadays games/movies). The game is set somewhere in the middle of the '90 in the spooky mysterious mansion. You play as Adam Randell and your quest is to free the soul of your death trapped father.<br /><br />The look of the game is doom-like),-0.6
(,"This is one of the worst movies i have ever seen it's EXTREMELY boring with lots of boring dialog and has some VERY annoying characters and a laughable looking creature. The only reason i watched this piece of garbage is because it was on that 8 disc horror set i got. The plot is preposterous and totally stupid as is the finale. No blood what so ever except a few bloody marks on the creature),-2.6666666666666665
(,"i really did not watch this show as often when i was a child but the first episode i remember ever seeing is the episode where Kimmy Gibbler pierced Stephanie ears. when i started high school back in 2000. i had problems all through out high school and i'd rather not get into that. but i used to always watch saved by the bell but that show really reminded me of the problems i faced at school),-0.6666666666666666
(,"How this film was made with so many big stars is beyond me. This is a terrible cliché' ridden film with the worst acting any of these actors have ever done. It really surprises me that so many of these A list stars would agree to this unfunny film. What's even worse is the fact that is made almost 100 million here in the states. It does go to show however that big stars can pull in the bucks),-1.0
(,"I don't know what the last reviewer is talking about but this show is pure entertainment. Basically 2 dudes are put in competitions at a club to pick up girls in 3 different scenarios. They mix up the scenarios for each show so it is not the same every time. The panel of 4 judges is not afraid to call people out or admit it when they recognize game. They will break down what the guy did wrong),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I'm a big fan of the TV series Largo Winch. This movie was pain for me. I had to use fast forward not to fell to sleep. It was boring! How can somebody ruin this title so much? The story was the only good thing. Actors were sh.t. They can't live the role. The main actor(Tom ... ) is a null. Watch the other roles of this actor. The fighting scenes were unbelievable boring and not to followable),-0.14285714285714285
(,"My father took me to see this film when it was released in 1976. I was but a child and it scared the crap out of me. So much so that I had to leave the theatre during a particularly claustrophobic tunnel scene as it was too intense for me!!! I went home to the safety of my family. I saw the film all the way through as I got older and thoroughly enjoyed it. Shame about the men in monster suits),-0.8
(,"No! no - No - NO! My entire being is revolting against this dreadful remake of a classic movie. I knew we were heading for trouble from the moment Meg Ryan appeared on screen with her ridiculous hair and clothing - literally looking like a scarecrow in that garden she was digging. Meg Ryan playing Meg Ryan - how tiresome is that?! And it got worse ... so much worse. The horribly cliché lines),-1.6666666666666667
(,"<br /><br /> It's common knowledge and has been said before: No one can ever play Scarlett and Rhett like Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable. Joanne Whalley Kilmer (no longer Kilmer having been divorced from ex-hubby Val Kilmer) plays her own Scarlett and although this is a sequel and not a re-make (God-forbid!!!) she still cannot rise to the occasion (i.e. her voice sounds evil on several occasions),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Eddie Monroe is Hooooot. He is a great actor and I could be his girl anytime. He's so fine. I was so sad at the end. I'm not going to ruin the end but wow. Girls are so vicious. His girl was wrong. If Eddie was my man I would never disrespect. Those Mobsters were spooky. The moral of the story is Trust No One. Your friends will hurt u if they can. Oh and Eddie tell your girlfriend that yo mine),-0.75
(,"I was really looking forward to this show given the quality of the actors and the fact that The Scott brothers were involved. Unfortunately my hopes were dashed! Yet again we are led to believe that the KGB are a group of inept morons who don't have a clue what they are doing. At one point there is a laughable scene where 4 KGB agents couldn't handle one CIA agent. I grow weary of these biased),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I'll say one thing about this film: there are no lulls. You can't get bored watching this. The problem is that it is TOO intense. There is too much action and it NEEDS lulls! That is the risk you take in modern action films. You want it interesting but not overdone. This is way overdone.<br /><br />Even though the acting is fine and features a couple of ""names"" in Gary Busey and Roy Scheider),-0.2857142857142857
(,"THHE2 is entertaining in that you'll laugh a lot and cringe and probably say ""oh sh*t!"" and ""get your face away from the goddamn hole you dumb**s"" or things along those lines but I don't know if its really worth seeing- I was very annoyed throughout the entirety with the horrible military characters who don't seem to know the first thing about combat.<br /><br />Yes there was more violence),-1.125
(,"The Mummy's Tomb starts with a review of the events in The Mummy's Hand and then moves the story forward several years and across the ocean to the United States of America where the current high priest and the mummy Kharis set out to wreak havoc and take revenge on those who violated the tomb in the past.<br /><br />While I absolutely loved ""The Mummy"" with Boris Karloff as the mummy Imhotep),-0.75
(,"This movie describes the life of somebody who grew up in the worst of circumstances but unlike many people he actually grew up to be a respectable person. Whats more is that this is a true story.<br /><br />Antwone Fisher is so innocent and yet he was abused such just because he was not white. Antwone Fisher has been married to the same women for ten years and he never fooled around with women),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Any evening with Jonathan Ross now means to me his wit in first hassling and upsetting with carefully chosen words a 78 year old man by phone and then suggesting he and Russell Brand should house-break and masturbate him while he slept as a way to say sorry for making obscene phone calls to him. Kinky! And illegal. For a really big laugh maybe next time he should try it on someone he knows well),-0.16666666666666666
(,"Being an American service member please believe me when I say that this movie in no way accurately portrays the emotional state of our Soldiers/Sailors/Airmen/Marines returning from deployments.<br /><br />That being said....<br /><br />This movie is one large steaming pile of cliché. The acting as awful (with the exception of the little girl) the character's backgrounds are weak and laughable),-1.25
(,"I was forced to watch this whole series of films as a young child and I was told they were REAL! Talk about child abuse. I would have been less frightened of Dracula or Frankenstein. This series is only good for people who believe in this ridiculousness and who want to indoctrinate their children into believing the same. Besides the obvious issues associated with brainwashing and indoctrination),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is a dramatic film in the whole sense of the word. It tells a tail that here in Greece we live as a routine in everyday life without realizing how sad it is. Sure it has some extremes.. but every now and then real life sorrow surpasses art.It is deeply critical of the goals we pursue and the whole social structure build around them. The film has a deeper understanding of Greek ways of life),-2.0
(,"CAMP BLOOD <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (Nu-View 3-D)<br /><br />Sound format: Mono<br /><br />Whilst hiking in woodland near the deserted Camp Blackwood - site of an unsolved murder ten years earlier - four young city-dwellers are targeted by a masked psychopath who kills their guide (Courtney Harris) and stalks them through the woods with murderous intent...<br /><br />Low-rent time-waster),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I didn't know Willem Dafoe was so hard up for bucks that he'd disgrace himself with such shocking hamming in this monstrosity. Hell: I'll donate that money that I was going to send to Ethiopia if he's that desperate. I have never seen such a pathetic and disgusting film for a long time...who paid for this? They are either pulling some tax scam or insane. A 5-year old would be ashamed of the plot),-2.0
(,"Jack Frost returns with an army of Styrofoam balls that can only be foiled by being shot with super-soakers loaded with margaritas. How's that for a plot? The film hinges on such a ridiculous premise that it barely raises an eyebrow when characters are killed with BBQ tongs and are impaled by carrots. You might even say the whole movie is skating on thin ice (ba-boom-tish).<br /><br />Admittedly),-3.0
(,"That this movie has been stapled to the wall of a chapel as proof that God is truly dead. Am I the only one that really saw (rather sleptwalked) through this ""film""? This is the only movie I've ever seen in the theater that I regret not walking out on and demanding my money back -- it was just that dull. And I even saw ""Highlander 2: The Quickening"" at the local cinema. From beginning to end),-1.5
(,"This is exactly the reason why many people remain homeless . . . because stupid producers pay their money to make awful films like this instead of donating if they can bother!<br /><br />This film is even worse than white chicks! Little Man has a lame excuse for posing a character midget as a baby. Story is awful considering it was written by six people. The idea still wouldn't be too bad though),-1.7777777777777777
(,"Who in their right mind does anything so stupid as this movie?<br /><br />Accidental killing of a security guard... characters that are so two dimensional that a two year old could have painted drawn them... and better...<br /><br />A red toolbox of death? Please....<br /><br />Hypothermic weak thugs...<br /><br />Acting from hell...<br /><br />Stylistically this movie shifts between teen comedy),-1.5
(,"It is always satisfying when a detective wraps up a case and the criminal is brought to book. In this case the climax gives me even greater pleasure. To see the smug grin wiped off the face of Abigail Mitchell when she realises her victim has left ""deathbed testimony"" which leaves no doubt about her guilt is very satisfying.<br /><br />Please understand: while I admire Ruth Gordon's performance),-0.7142857142857143
(,"Mild spoiler in the second paragraph.<br /><br />Anna Christie was Garbo's lackluster 1st talkie. She and Dressler look like the only people who know what they're doing in this movie. The old guy who plays Garbo's dad (George F. Marion) in the film is soooo ah-noying!! All he does is stumble around drunkenly in a totally fake way and yell about ""dat old dah-veel sea"". He blames Garbo's ""past""),-1.0
(,"This movie was awful. The ending was absolutely horrible. There was no plot to the movie whatsoever. The only thing that was decent about the movie was the acting done by Robert DuVall and James Earl Jones. Their performances were excellent! The only problem was that the movie did not do their acting performances any justice. If the script would have come close to capturing a halfway decent story),-1.5
(,"A priest who has abandoned his ministry meets a young man who has just been ordained.<br /><br />This movie is about the cruel dilemma between a life dedicated to God and faith and a life of more earthly pleasures. In post war France it is also about the mortal aspect of Faith itself.<br /><br />This may not be the movie of a lifetime but it is a sin to have allowed it to fall in oblivion. Besides),-0.8333333333333334
(,"As much as I respect firefighters for what they do. I was unimpressed and bored with this film. The acting was OK but Joaquin Phoenix was a poor casting choice to say the least.<br /><br />What bothered me the most about this film was the Celtic music whining on and on and on at the worst possible time in the film. The directing and continuity was pretty bad too!<br /><br />**SPOILER** For example),-1.8571428571428572
(,"How can a movie have Ozzy Osbourne and still suck? I just don't get it. Trick or Treat managed to do it. This sucks and likes it.<br /><br />Trick or Treat is one of those movies I have to warn people about. It is a vomit-inducing vile atrocity just begging to be viewed so you can feel that much worse about yourself. Trick or Treat has no redeeming factors.<br /><br />For a movie about heavy metal),-1.6666666666666667
(,"It is terrible! It is like somebody gave a kid a faulty video camera and $30 and told them to make a film. Even then you'd get a better and more professional film than this. The story is so dumb you can say there isn't one. I don't think the guy who made this knew what to do at all -- watching foreign art movies all day long isn't enough to make somebody an instant director. The acting is very bad),-0.5
(,"Negative numbers are not available to convey how bad this movie is! Wooden acting coupled with a story line that has been rehashed dozens of times. Everyone in this movie should attend Overactors Anonymous. You would think an original story could evolve from the general concept. Young men at a prep school are tying to come to grips with the Pearl Harbor bombing. It does raise interesting questions),-0.5
(,"Rajinikanth becomes born again after getting a magical power which he can use seven times.<br /><br />There are several problems with this movie that are obvious to the casual audience: the 50ish Rajinikanth is still at home with his parents; the father of the girl next door thinks that he is a compelling ""boy"" ('vaseekaramaana paiyan'); Rajinikanth suddenly interrupts the movie with his sermons),-2.0
(,"The undoubted highlight of this movie is Peter O'Toole's performance. In turn wildly comical and terribly terribly tragic. Does anybody do it better than O'Toole? I don't think so. What a great face that man has!<br /><br />The story is an odd one and quite disturbing and emotionally intense in parts (especially toward the end) but it is also oddly touching and does succeed on many levels. However),-0.25
(,"This has got to be the most god-awful piece of cinematic crap I have ever watched. It makes Mel Brooks movies Oscar-worthy by comparison. Jim VanBebber needs to be publicly slapped for trying to pass this off as ANY form of entertainment.<br /><br />While some may say that this movie is true to the low budget genre of such classics as ""The Texas Chainsaw Massacre"" or ""Night of the Living Dead""),-0.5
(,"How to round up every possible cliché and stereotype existing in the genre of horror and then subsequently stuff them into one massively lousy movie? The answer: ""Camp Blood"". This is amateurish slasher nonsense made on a micro-budget and a little bit too obvious inspired by ""Friday the 13th"". Four of the most intolerable teenage characters you'll ever see  they're like a combination of ugly),-0.6
(,"I have not seen the first film and if it anything like this have no great desire to. <br /><br />Having just watched it a few hours ago I am struggling to remember a thing about it. <br /><br />From what I remember it's main plot seems to be a group of very annoying people stay at a house with that dodgy old woman from Friday the 13th and are stalked by plank of wood man.<br /><br />Some people die),-0.5
(,"I knew it wasn't gunna work out between me and D-wars from the moment we met. First its title was lazy. D war. Like writing out Dragon was too much for them. Also... you really can't be that blatant with your title unless your Blue Monkey. Blue Monkey can do whatever the hell it wants. <br /><br />The second sign of a rocky relationship between us was the story's insane progression. Here's the film),-3.0
(,"**SPOILERS** Beautifully photographed slice of life home-front WWII love story with Norman Rockwell paintings in the beginning and end of the movie about how a ""war hero"" is not just someone who kills for his country but is also someone who thinks for himself and isn't corrupted by the war propaganda that's constantly drummed into his head. Washing out of the Marine Corps Marion ""Hedg"" Hedgepeth),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I do NOT understand why anyone would waste their time or money on utter trash like this... Don't get me wrong -- I LOVE a good Western -- Notice I said ""GOOD"" -- this is just trash<br /><br />The acting is horrible -- Val Kilmer must know someone or owed a favor or something for them just to use his face and name in this ridiculous piece of crap...<br /><br />To those of you who enjoyed this movie),-0.2857142857142857
(,"Maybe if you've never read any English literature or only ever watched the Hollywood version of any book you might find merit in this awful film. It has the directorial and scripting skill of Shoreditch. The BBC 1995 adaptation is both very enjoyable and close to the book and captures the atmosphere between Elisabeth and Darcy very well.<br /><br />The characters in this production are badly miscast),-3.0
(,"This movie is so stupid that I want my $2.99 back that I paid for!! First this movie starts off with a bunch of wooden actor geeks with fill in talent like they got picked off the street somewhere because the ""real"" actors either did not show up because of the laughable script or they just couldn't get anybody desperate enough to do this movie! The music in this movie is enough to put you to sleep),-0.5
(,"A woman (Sylvia Kristel) seduces a 15 year old boy (Eric Brown). They have sex...but it's all tied into some stupid plot or something.<br /><br />Easily one of the most disturbing sex comedies ever. Does anyone realize this movie is making light of child molestation? I suppose it's OK cause it's a teenage boy--if we had one with a man seducing a teenage girl there would (rightfully) be outrage. Sorry),-2.0
(,"First of all ""Mexican werewolf in Texas"" is not a werewolf movie. This title is bullcrap. The story is actually about a Chupacabra that kills all the local villagers in the little town of Furlough in Texas. I suppose the distributors renamed the original title so that it would make some extra bucks or something. And I guess it actually works because that's the reason why I bought this piece of crap),-3.0
(,"The film picks up after last years remake with the military setting up electronic surveillance equipment in the desert where the attacks in the first film happened. The crew is killed not long before a group of soldiers on a training exercise show up to find no one around. You can fill in the rest.<br /><br />This is a paycheck picture all around. There seems to be no passion in anyone's performances),-1.5
(,"What is your freaking problem? Do you have nothing better to do than sit on your fat asses and blog about about how you find something in bad taste? Here's an idea:Go outside. That's right: Walk outside your mom's basement that you've been living in for 13 years and GO OUTSIDE. ""But I can't leave! Star Trek is on in 30 minutes and I still haven't married that avatar on World Of Warcraft!"" Oh my God),-0.5
(,"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** When I saw a preview for this movie I thought it was going to be atleast a slightly admirable storyline. But as most superstation original movies I was left disapointed. This gullible family ends up driving through this ""deserted"" town to take a brake and find this video camera showing these people doing everything their donig and finds out they all eventually disappear),-1.5
(,"This movie starts off on the wrong foot and never really gets it going. The first scene shows a Life Flight helicopter landing and just outside the window you can distinctly see mountains in the background. For those of you who might not ever have been to Houston there is no elevation change. The city sits just above sea level and a 5 ft. incline is considered a big hill. To go along with that scenery),-0.6666666666666666
(,"What a sad surprise.<br /><br />Being a die-hard fan of the original series (starring Don Adams) I was really looking forward to this. Poor fool me. This is sillier and more brain dead than a monkey's bottom.<br /><br />To say it was bad would be a severe understatement. It is/was the worst movie (well first 30 minutes of one) I have seen for a long time. I couldn't stand more than the first half hour),-1.7142857142857142
(,"What makes this movie so damn bad? Is it the lame sub-par juvenile humor? Could it be the horrid ""trendy"" suck ass music? Perhaps the uninspired go nowhere story? Or maybe even the fact that Traci Lords gives her worst acting performance ever and to add insult to injury keeps all her clothes on throughout the length of this steaming turd sandwich. Regardless no matter what the reason this film sucks),-2.3
(,"An interesting concept vampirism having something to do with a virus.(but done several times by now) Overall the movie is too long and drags a bit. The editing could have been tighter. I am sorry to hear about the problem with the credits. Maybe the movie was rushed to market. The lighting was too dark in places. But the worst technical problem is the audio. The level was good enough to hear the dialog),-0.5714285714285714
(,"An unusual film from Ringo Lam and one that's strangely under-appreciated. The mix of fantasy kung-fu with a more realistic depiction of swords and spears being driven thru bodies is startling especially during the first ten minutes. A horseback rider get chopped in two and his waist and legs keep riding the horse. Several horses get chopped up. It's very unexpected.<br /><br />The story is very simple),-1.0
(,"Do NOT avoid this movie. Simply because it is so bad that it is absolutely hilarious. It possibly is the worst movie I have ever seen but it was so bad that my friends and I were able to laugh at every single moment of this film. At times we actually debated whether it was this bad on purpose but we're pretty sure that it is not. Characters appear out of nowhere as if they have already been established),-1.5714285714285714
(,"How do I begin to review a film that will soon be recognized as the `worst film of all time' by the `worst director of all time?' A film that could develop a cult following because it's `so bad it's good?'<br /><br />An analytical approach criticizing the film seems both pointless and part of band-wagon syndrome--let's bash freely without worry of backlash because every other human on earth is doing it),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I just watched ""return from lonesome dove"" and it was very good! I've seen a lot of negative comments about it and I don't think the Viewers are being real about it! In the television/ movie business it is hard to get all the actors back for a 2nd sequel or 3rd part. WE ARE LUCKY TO HAVE ANOTHER MINISERIES THAT TIES INTO LONE D. FAITHFULLY!! This production was top notch with the original music score),-0.75
(,"I saw this film last night (about 102 minutes) and don't know what kept me in my seat. I guess I just expected a film with Gere would have some value in it eventually but nothing of value ever came on the screen. The story is a silly excuse to pile on shot after shot of bondage and torture. There is not a character in the film that does anything like real life. The cutting ""style"" relies on jump cuts),-0.4
(,"SLIGHT SPOILERS (but it doesn't matter anyway).<br /><br />An exercise in gobblygook of catastrophic proportions not even worthy of the l0 lines I need to put these remarks on the netwaves. This is the single worst episode of the Masters series to date and the first that qualifies for the defunct Mystery Science Theatre treatment. Even if it took me a full half hour to realize the intended ironic angle),-1.0
(,"The Most Fertile Man in Ireland revolves around Eamon Manley who is 24 year old and still happens to be a virgin. He lives with his mother in Belfast. He is also a very shy guy towards women. Everything has changes for Eamon when he is seduced by a woman(as far as I can remember a neighbour). It is not because he looses his virginity but he discovers that he has a super power. Despite having protection),-0.5
(,"This is it. This is the one. This is the worst movie ever made. Ever. It beats everything. I have never seen worse. Retire the trophy and give it to these people.....there's just no comparison.<br /><br />Even three days after watching this (for some reason I still don't know why) I cannot believe how insanely horrific this movie is/was. Its so bad. So far from anything that could be considered a movie),-2.3333333333333335
(,"(spoilers??)<br /><br />I wasn't sure what to think of the movie. Not too much of a kids film. Definately should be watched with a parent because it includes death and dying. But I was surprised that I was a bit entertained by it.<br /><br />I was a bit disappointed by the 81 minutes of time we had. (even less without the credits) And the trailer gets you to think the rodent is a main creature. But alas),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I have watched this movie quite bemused. I am not sure whether it was attempting to be a horror gore fest in a Rob Zombie type affair or an exploration of real events.<br /><br />In either case it missed its mark. It's not particularly historically accurate with characters being chopped and changed for the sake of the story. <br /><br />The performances were neither compelling nor bad.<br /><br />For me),-0.5
(,"I see a lot of people liked this movie. To me this was a movie made right of writing 101 and the person failed the class. From the time Lindsey Price the videographer shows up until the end the movie was very predictable. I kept on watching to see if it was going anywhere.<br /><br />First we have the widowed young father. Cliché #1 movies/TV always kill off the the mother parent if the child is a girl),-1.0
(,"It purports to be the life of Paul the apostle. It opens with him involved in a loin-cloth wrestling match with a priest. The Pharisees were called that because they ""separated"" themselves from the Hellenism being forced upon the Jews by their Gentile rulers. The point is that Saul would never have been involved in Greco-Roman wrestling. PERIOD.<br /><br />Then we have the two men (Saul and the Priest),-1.0
(,"The recent release of ""Mad Dog Morgan"" on Troma DVD is disappointing.This appears to be a censored print for television viewing. Some of the more violent scenes have been edited and portions of the colorful language have been removed. Anyone who viewed the film uncut will be mad as hell at this toxic DVD version. ""Mad Dog Morgan"" deserves to be released on DVD in the original theatrical cut. However),-3.0
(,"This is a spectacular production! I have seen the show live twice in Chicago and my only problem with the production was the fact that I was able to perceive only fragments of what was going on. The stage consisted of three giant catwalks and the platform and as the action moves from one part of the stage to the next sometime you loose track of what is going on no matter where you are located. As always),-1.25
(,"""Crossfire"" is remembered not so much for the fact that its three stars all had the first name ""Robert"" but as being one of the first Hollywood films to deal with anti-semitism.<br /><br />The story opens with the murder in silhouette of a man whom we later learn is a Jewish man named Joseph Samuels (Sam Levene). Pipe smoking police Captain Finlay (Robert Young) is assigned to the case. An ex-soldier),-2.0
(,"Hrm-I think that line was from the old movie posters.<br /><br />This is a dumb movie that seems to have been translated from some language that was totally unfamiliar to the translator. Here's a tip: Any movie that starts with a black screen and text reading ""In the future..."" is going to be fun. This means that the premise is so implausible that they have to explain it to you.<br /><br />In this case),-3.0
(,"I did watch all of the film through to the disgraceful ending even though I felt so angry at what I saw. I felt that the director was screaming for attention and the only way he could achieve this was to be as repulsive as possible. Since I have lived in the UK I have come to love this country but this film depicts British young people in the worst way imaginable. There is nothing to be said but avoid it),-1.2
(,"I have seen it. It's not ""good"" but interesting in an understated way. The boys in it are quite naturalistic but................the graphic/gratuitous final gang rape scene is repugnant and -oh yes- the arbitrary insertion of second world war footage is offensive in the way it attempts to compare real horror with this misogynistic contrivance. Real atrocity is real- this film is just atrocious. However),-0.25
(,"The big problem is where to begin as this movie needs your attention the forthcoming two hours and you better not miss some minutes for getting a coke as there is a danger you can't follow. But good there is also a pause-button. Bruce Willis must travel into a timemachine to find out some antivirus for a virus that made animals rule over the world in 1996. Thanks to some mistakes he first ends up in 1990),-0.2857142857142857
(,"Why bother to see this movie? It probably rates an award for being the worst career move of a major movie star since Clark Gable's laughable playing of an Irish patriot in Parnell.<br /><br />It's inconceivable that Bergman would choose both this movie and its director over a lucrative Hollywood career where she could choose among the finest scripts and directors being offered at that time. To begin with),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I'm not sure why Spike Lee made this train wreck of a movie and conned poor Stevie Wonder into eternally pairing his beautiful music with this theatrical mess. I also resent the way he uses profanity as a part of the normal prose of professional Blacks. The abuse of his hold on ethnic movie goers is a shame. Scenes which seem to be contrived out the blue and have nothing to do with the theme or sub themes),-1.0
(,"I'm sorry to say this but I didn't enjoy this movie at all. It was just too boring. So boring that I couldn't watch the rest of it. It's not as interesting as the Lion King or Aladdin. That's why I hate this stupid days because these days are just not what they used to be. The movies that Disney have released lately really sucks! I miss the old days when they used to produce good movies like the Lion King),-0.2222222222222222
(,"Pecker is another mainstream film by John Waters done on a smaller than Serial Mom. The title character of Pecker has a hobby of taking pictures of anything he sees. It doesn't matter if it's dirty or shocking when he takes pictures. He soon uses the pictures he taken and puts them on display at his work. Pecker live in a semi-normal middle-class family. His dad works at a drinking bar with a claw machine),-1.0
(,"What did the director think? Everybody who has read the biography of Artemisia is left impressed by her guts to face a public rape trial in Renaissance times and even suffer torture in order to show that Tassi was guilty. That fact shows the real independence and emancipation - in her most terrible hour she stands her MAN. Why do movies depicting Renaissance have to be so clinically beautiful and romantic),-1.1666666666666667
(,"I find it difficult to comprehend what makes viewer's feel this is a powerful movie. I would guess that the main intention of this film would be a character study and the effects of racism in a British community. It is therefore all the more disappointing that all the characters are two dimensional and the acting is at the level of a college performing arts course. I'm always sceptical of ""improvisation""),-1.2
(,"It's a shame that Deliverance is mainly known as the redneck rape movie and for Dueling Banjos. Even people that have seen the film can't get their mind off of that rape scene. It's not as bad as the rape scene in Pulp Fiction. It's certainly not as bad as any female rape scene in just about any movie. People tend to miss the power of the film that contains the infamous buggery scene.<br /><br />The acting),-3.25
(,"This movie is one of the worst comedy movies i have ever seen. I hate these Napoleon Dynamite rip-offs. Just face it people the dumb humor has been mastered already. Make something new for once. All these new comedies are just horrible. And coming out of SNL Andy Samberg is not ready for a lead role yet. I hope he can bounce back from this awful movie. And Will Arnetts character is just plain bad. Hey Will),-1.0
(,"What a terrible movie. Rotten tomatoes had a good rating for this too. don't be fooled by the positive comments; It wasn't scary. It wasn't funny. It wasn't clever. It won't even hold your attention. I just wasted 2 hours of my life viewing this crap-fest. the computer generated monster was interesting to see the first couple times. after about 15 minutes it no longer entertained. the dialogue was terrible),-0.2857142857142857
(,"Anyone witness to our justice system - or lack thereof will find this film truly satisfying. There weren't too many shades of gray with regard to characters or plot. Virtually every character in this film epitomized what is best and worst about our society. The popularity of this film is probably due to the fact that most of us at one time or another have had to deal with scumbags along with the namby-pamby),-0.2
(,"It's not hard to imagine what the main problem for a screenwriter is who wants to have 18 equally well written characters with about the same amount of screen time in a movie that last around 90 minutes. It's almost impossible not to fall back on stereotypes and that is also what writer-director Ralf Westhoff does here. Very few of the characters can be recognized as people that you and me know in real life),-1.5
(,"Large corporations Vs. Conscientious Do good-ers. We seem to witness events (both real life and reel life) of this sort all the time and most of the time greed wins by employing every means (dirty) necessary and the truth gets suppressed. At least in this movie Jack Godell (Jack Lemmon) got his points across and paid for it dearly. We have seen several more movies of this sort being made in the recent years),-0.3333333333333333
(,"East Side Story entertains and informs about an unknown part of Cold War history. What is the purpose of any documentary? To inform the reader through commentary and footage. This one succeeds at both. You will never find many movies whose clips you get to see in here because some of them have been destroyed and some are unaccessible.<br /><br />You get to see and her music from musicals made in East Germany),-3.0
(,"I purchased a DVD of this film for a dollar at the big dept store. That's probably the best and kindest comment I have to offer on it. At least it didn't cheat me out of the cost of lunch.<br /><br />The problem with ""Chiller"" is Craven's problem as a director. The man has his apologists who claim his traveling papers prove he's a really smart guy and all-around sharp conceptualist. But it's no secret that),-0.42857142857142855
(,"I saw this at the theater in the early 1970's. The most memorable and scary scene is when the German army attacks with yellow cross mustard gas for the first time. The Germans and their horses are covered from head to toe (or hoof) with eerie protective suits. The experienced British soldiers don gas masks (only) and once again await the clouds of gas and the German attackers. The gas clouds move ever closer),-1.5
(,"I've seen all four of the movies in this series. Each one strays further and further from the books. This is the worst one yet. My problem is that it does not follow the book it is titled after in any way! The directors and producers should have named it any thing other than ""Love's Abiding Joy."" The only thing about this movie that remotely resembles the book are the names of some of the characters (Willie),-2.5
(,"OK enough already. this is a terrible piece of television. the camera work is appalling (do i have to remind you of the crunchy gravel so loud you can hardly hear the actors speak) lady bertram has the most annoying voice in the entire world. anna massey is 'acting' in such an unbelievable fashion. and the lack of chemistry between fanny and edmund is beyond beyond. also the bertram girls aren't pretty enough),-1.5
(,"STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning <br /><br />Long time inmate Twitch (Kurupt) gets himself transfered to a tougher prison than the re-opened Alcatraz. He claims it's to be closer to his lady but his real motives are a bit more grandiose. There he crosses paths with Burke (Bill Goldberg) a bulky prisoner who can take care of himself. Twitch),-0.6666666666666666
(,"The various nudity scenes that other reviewers referred to are poorly done and a body double was obviously used. If Ms. Pacula was reluctant to do the scenes herself perhaps she should have turned down the role offer.<br /><br />Otherwise the movie was not any worse than other typical Canadian movies. As other reviewers have pointed out Canadian movies are generally poorly written and lack entertainment value),-2.5
(,"This Was One Scary Movie.<br /><br />Brad Pitt Deserved an Oscar for this.<br /><br />A traveling novelist (played by David Duchovny of the X-Files fame) and his girlfriend pick up two hitch-hikers(Juliette Lewis and Brad Pitt) on their way to California. <br /><br />On their way they stop at infamous serial killer murder scenes to photography the scenes for an upcoming book Duchovny's character is working on),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This film revolves around an Arabian leader (Amir) who dies and wants to live on. So a Dr. Lloyd Trenton is being paid to transplant Amirs brain into a ""willing"" participant. But in the Doctors basement his dwarf assistant Dorro (Angelo Rossitto) drains young girls blood for the doctors purposes. So meanwhile Doctor Llyod pays a man to kill the people who assisted Amir into the country (Which is Reed Hadley),-3.0
(,"Anyone who finds this film boring is a hopeless bonehead who should stick to car chase movies and romantic comedies. This film is riveting and doesn't have a boring moment. Why? Because it is comprised largely of intelligent dialogue between real people in a moment of crisis and details their efforts to survive that crisis. I repeat--intelligent dialogue! That is what characterizes nearly all of Rohmer's films),-1.8
(,"I would say that this film gives an insight to the trauma that a young mind can face when a family is split by divorce or other disaster. I would highly recommend this film especially to parents or individuals planning to have a family.<br /><br />I found the characters to be appealing and highly sympathetic from a multitude of dimensions.<br /><br />The scary monster although probably not scary to most adults),-0.6
(,"It says that a girl named Susan Montford both wrote and directed this ""movie."" No wonder she has no other credits to her name for writing or directing. She made a severe vocational error in choosing this as her career. This is one of the worst human creations of this millennium.<br /><br />The fundamental thing wrong with this movie other than its ridiculous story of a woman running away from four weak thugs),-2.142857142857143
(,"Spoiler Alert Well I think this movie is probably the worst film ever made. Probably in the style of Ed Wood(without the heart). The lightning is terrible. The music is very bad(piano and orgue... come on!). The acting is... well there is no acting!<br /><br />There's a guy who actually goes in the wood to search for his missing wife and take the time to have sex with a stranger.<br /><br />The killer is a fat),-2.25
(,"I think the best way for me to review this title is to split it into its pros and cons.<br /><br />PROS: ~ they turn into wolves rather than plastic/cartoony monsters. ~ the chase of the wolves through the forest ~ ""Cash Machine"" by Hard-Fi being played<br /><br />CONS: ~ some parts of the script makes you cringe (for example the terrible part where the woman escapes the 'games' of the ""Fortunate Five"" boys),-0.3333333333333333
(,"It's too bad iameracing wants to deny the reality of Faulkner's and Clarence Brown's purpose in the creating of the story and film of ""Intruder In The Dust"". I suppose the burden of a history of racism is difficult for any Southerner to bear and I can understand that. But to say that this film was not specifically about racism is ridiculous and inaccurate. YES (to borrow your use of the upper case) iameracing),-2.4285714285714284
(,"Not since The Simpsons made it's debut has there been a sitcom that I didn't want to turn of in a matter of 2 minutes. It has of course been said that The Simpsons killed the sitcom. Not this one though.<br /><br />The first season was so so as the teenage characters were not quite as outrageous as they later became. They even went to school sometimes. The following seasons the character where fledged out. Eric),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This is a weak sequel: it lacks the interest and light touch of the magnificent ""Man Called Horse"" in nearly every aspect and when compared to each other they hardly seem to be the same genre.<br /><br />The Return is almost a parody of the first and tries to evoke different Indian ceremonies but comes across as trying way too hard to bottle the magic of the first. In this film the tribe is lost and abandoned),-1.4
(,"This is actually an insult to the victims and their families of the BTK killer. The events in this movie are not even close to the truth. Why they couldn't make a movie of the real events doesn't make any sense since the real events are more interesting then this made up farce. Don't even waste your time watching this for free. Low budget and a shameful depiction of the events which should not be made a joke of),-0.6666666666666666
(,"All the folks who sit here and say that this movie's weak link is the Ramones would probably say that Amadeus was ok if not for that irritating harpsichordist. Rock and Roll High School was centered around the Ramones. How anyone can watch this and not get a kick out of Joey Ramone eating bean sprouts backstage in an attempt to keep him in performing condition is obviously a wet blanket square daddy-o. Ms Trogar),-2.5
(,"An obvious vanity press for Julie in her first movie with Blake. Let's see. Where do we begin. She is a traitor during a world war; she redeems that by falling in love; her friends (who are presumably patriots because they are German citizens) are expendable and must die; and she winds up as a heroine. OK. The scenes with the drunken pilot and the buffoons who work for French intelligence can't even be described),-1.0
(,"Dreadful horror sequel to ""The Howling"". This picks off with Karen White's funeral (she was killed at the end of the first film). Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee sadly) arrives there and tells Karen's brother Ben (Reb Brown) that Karen was a werewolf. He's going to Transylvania to kill Striba (Sybil Danning) the head werewolf. Ben and a coworker of Karens (Annie McEnroe) join him.<br /><br />A terrible script),-1.8333333333333333
(,"Lisa Baumer (Ida Galli) is the adulteress wife of a big businessman who inherits $1million life insurance when her husband is killed in a plane crash while on a business trip.initially she is suspected of being responsible as her husbands will had recently been changed and so she has an insurance investigator Peter Lynch (George Hilton)and an Interpol agent on her tail just to be sure. Baumer travels to Athens),-0.6
(,"Fact: Stargate SG-1 is a cheesy sci-fi TV series.<br /><br />There's no escaping facts. How much you try to excuse yourself or explain it Stargate SG-1 remains a cheesy sci-fi TV series.<br /><br />Stargate SG-1 does borrow and steal ideas briskly. Special FX aren't nearly as impressive as they could have been and the action isn't going to blow you out of the chair. Or couch for that matter either.<br /><br />But),-0.16666666666666666
(,"I figured that any horror film with Orson Welles in it would be weird. Necromancy sure was but it was a little too weird for it's own good. The film does indeed have a creepy feel as it deals with a coven of satanists/witches in a small town and a young woman's attempt to escape them. The director though seems to be deliberately trying to confuse the audience by using flashbacks and dream sequences. By the finale),-1.0
(,"I'm embarrassed to be writing this review. I say that because those of you reading it will know that I sat through the whole thing and that is embarrassing to admit even to strangers. But I just had to warn those who read the viewer comments on IMDb before they watch a film not to watch this one. It's the least I can do. This is a bad movie! Trust me. The plot is goofy. The acting is amateurish. And the directing),-2.0
(,"""Semana Santa"" or ""Angel Of Death"" is a very weak movie. Mira Sorvino plays a detective who is trying to find a killer who shoots arrows in people. Mira has an Italian accent which falters from time to time. Couldn't she just speak English? All the other characters have a forced Mexican\English accent which is distracting. The dialogue is very bad and the delivery of it is wooden. The cinematography looks nice),-0.75
(,"As a professional poker dealer for over 25 years I found this movie very hard to watch. Too unreal. It seems the producers of this movie either had done little or no research or just didn't care. The card tricks are something you never would see performed in a real poker game. Common sense right? Plus it was full of film cuts and such during the tricks. Who couldn't do that? The cheating was amateur stuff. Palming),-1.0
(,"Direction must be the problem here. I recently heard John Cleese speaking of working a skit for Fawlty Towers. He was supposed to attack his car with a branch. The first branch was too flimsy and not funny. The second branch was too stiff to be funny. The third was just flimsy enough to be funny. This sort of attention to detail is missing from ""Corky Romano"". No matter how embarrassingly unfunny a comic bit was),-1.0
(,"I think that saying this film has too many is not what makes this film bad. The twists are not the problem of the film. The story is quite clever and could have been very cool if filmed right. The major problems why everyone is complaining about the twists in the film is that the film is just not fascinating enough to make people follow them. The film is badly shot (at least in comparison to its genre brother Lock),-0.16666666666666666
(,"Legendary hammy and arrogant horror movie star Conrad Radzoff (splendidly played with wicked sardonic aplomb by Ferdy Mayne) dies of a heart attack. A bunch of drama school students steal Radzoff's corpse from its crypt and take it to a rundown mansion so they can party with it. Radzoff comes back to life and picks off the rude youths for desecrating his grave. Writer/director Norman Thaddeus Vane concocts a fresh),-1.2
(,"Spike lee has to be one of the most over rated directors I have ever seen. He is the critic's darling because he supposedly makes films with a ""message"" or he is just so bohemian in his approach that it makes critics that are waterlogged from formula Hollywood films eat his stuff up just for being different.<br /><br />Summer Of Sam does not even do that well. The cinematography and editing style is Oliver Stone),-2.0
(,"This film is awful. The CGI is the very cheap gray blob CGI. The crocodile looks like a large gray smudge. The worst is that no effort at all is given to making it walk or look like it is alive. It is mostly a photo-shopped CGI that is placed into scenes and you almost expect to see the hand that is moving the CGI smudge across the screen. This is one of the worst examples of CGI effects that I have ever witnessed),-0.7142857142857143
(,"Anyone who thinks this film has not been appreciated for its comic genius must have been smoking with the two stoners in the film. This film is NOT under-rated...it is a bad movie. <br /><br />There should be no comparisons between this film and The Naked Gun or Airplane since the latter two films are well written and funny. Class Reunion is neither of those things. The sad thing is it had such potential (good cast),-0.2
(,"CIA analyst Douglas Freeman (Gyllenhaal) gets to see his first secret location interrogation when Anwar (Metwally) is accused of having contact with a known terrorist bomb maker. Anwar's wife (Witherspoon) is frantic regarding the whereabouts of her husband .<br /><br />Don't you just hate it when the title of a movie sends you to a dictionary? I must have an old edition as this Rendition is not a musical piece. No),-1.75
(,"Is there anything worse than a comedy film that lacks humor? The answer is Yes; one that fails to generate any interest throughout the picture. The premise is not too bad - a naive front man for an illegal business - but this is a potboiler with a poor script and screenplay and just does not work.<br /><br />Was this considered a good 'B' in 1942? Hard to imagine. The only positive aspect of the picture is the cast),-0.8
(,"Labored comedy has I.R.S. agent Tony Randall investigating eccentric farm family in Maryland who have never paid their taxes; Debbie Reynolds is the tomboy farmer's daughter who puts the squeeze on the not-so-disinterested tax-man. Debbie certainly made her share of inferior theatrical sitcoms during this period--and this one's no better or worse than the rest. Picture begins brightly but flags at the halfway point),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Was this meant to be a comedy or a serious drama? This film starts with a light-hearted banter between three women. Fine. It moves into a conflict between the women when one of them meets a man. Fine. There are a few antics between them. Fine. But when the plot thickens and finally becomes black I started to wonder whether I had misinterpreted the first part of the movie. It continues in this vein for a while until),-1.0
(,"""Rival reporters Pat Morgan (Ginger Rogers) and Ted Rand (Lyle Talbot) are always trying to out-scoop each other on stories. The latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment. The two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead),-1.8
(,"I watched this movie which I really thought had a promising beginning but then it just led me to feel disappointed in the end. The problem I think with this film was that the director was trying a bit to hard to make this film weird and original. There were too many flashbacks and too many bad ""effects"" which got me annoyed through the film. I love Debbie Harry and Isaac Hayes but they disappointed me in this film),-1.375
(,"Pathetic... worse than a bad made-for-TV movie. I can't believe that Spacey and Freeman were in this flick. For some reason Morgan Freeman's character is constantly talking about and saying ""pussy"" when referring to NSync boy's girlfriend. Morgan Freeman calling women ""pussy"" is just awkward... What the hell were the people behind this film thinking? Too many plot holes to imagine combined with the horrid acting),-3.3333333333333335
(,"The movie starts off relatively well and seems to be getting somewhere when an African American passenger sues an airline for negligence. There is one scene in which his pet dog gets sucked into the engine and thats really a sad thing. But the way it is portrayed makes it difficult for one to figure out if that was an attempt at crude humor or really a tragedy to reflect on the extent of negligence? After this point),-0.75
(,"""Erendira"" is a film from Mexico that is rarely talked about. The film only exists in a low quality VHS format. It's a shame this film hasn't been given a DVD release. ""Erendira"" is stunning and gorgeous with its magic-realist images. ""Erendira"" is based on a short story from the novel ""100 Years of Solitude"". Erendira is constantly daydreaming and accidentally burns down her grandma's house. Her evil grandma),-0.2
(,"2 stars for Kay Francis -- she's wonderful! And she didn't deserve this horrible tripe that Warner Bros. threw her way! <br /><br />The two-pronged premise that this movie is based on is ridiculous and unbelievable in the extreme. Kay is a small-town wife and mother who yearns for something bigger: she wants to be an actress. When a big-shot actor comes to town and invites Kay to his hotel to talk about possibilities),-2.3333333333333335
(,"Fiction film (it lists as based on a story though it does have a ""documented by"" credit) about a group of scientists going into the wilds of Canada to try and find a Bigfoot.(They want to capture one and then attach a tracking device). Its lots of scientific mumbo jumbo mixed in what is really a dull film of a bunch of people wandering around in the wilderness. There are some attempts at creating tension and scares),-0.6666666666666666
(,"So let me start off by saying that I saw this movie as part of a bargain. I was really bored one fine 1997 day and so I biked over to the movie rental store. I asked the clerk what the worst movie he had in stock was. Without hesitation he walked me over to ""Lucky Stiff."" He told me that he'd waive the $1 rental fee (he said it would be wrong to charge more) if I promised to watch the whole movie. So watch it I did),-0.8
(,"Tashan - the title itself explains the nature of the movie.<br /><br />This type of movies are actually made for flop. What a shame that Yash Raj Films produces such movies those are worthless than C-grade movies. Or even some C-grade movies have better and pleasing story than Tashan. The much hyped and over-confidently promoted Tashan poorly bombed at the box-office which it certainly deserved.<br /><br />In my view),-0.25
(,"This film is roughly what it sounds like: a futuristic version of the Cinderella legend but with songs and (fairly tame) sex scenes! The film is not sure what it wants to be and pretty much ends up a mess. It's more expensive looking than most of director Al Adamson's films but it's not at the same budget level that viewers have come to expect from sci-fi films. The actors are pretty bad and unlike most Adamson films),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie is so misunderstood it is not even funny. If you think of seeing this one for the shootings.. stay clear. This one deals with the effects and trauma that the survivors must endure. Even the detectives are seeking the answer we all do...WHY? Fantastic acting from the two leading ladies as we see how those we ignore are affected by the very same things we are affected with. Yes the language is harsh at times),-1.6666666666666667
(,"What exactly is the point of pretending to ""con"" people out of things like ski passes and pizza? I fail to see a point. I'd not clever or original and it strikes me as being extremely pointless. <br /><br />Skyler Stone doesn't seem to be a very down-to-earth or even a nice guy. He has very little charisma and just about anyone could do what he does in this show. <br /><br />The worse thing about this piece of crap),-0.375
(,"Would it be too trite of me to create a review of just me saying the word ""STUPID"" over and over again? Probably.<br /><br />This is arguably the worst movie I've ever seen. Seriously. There are better movies on Mystery Science Theater 3000. I saw this movie for the first time at a friend's birthday party when it was still in theaters. Even though it was actually *with friends* and at one of their *birthday parties),-0.5
(,"You know you're in trouble when the film your watching has numerous alternate titles. Generally it means that they tried and retried to hide the turkey in various markets. Such a turkey is The Brain Machine which has seven different titles.<br /><br />Its about some super secret government project that is suppose to be able to use a computer to read people but instead it drives people to kill each other or themselves),-0.75
(,"Four or five episodes of Johnnie Socko and his Flying Robot edited together. Amusing giant robot battling giant monsters tale aimed squarely at kids. Parents of course will go crazy since the action is violent with the robot/monster battles resembling professional wrestling and the human on human violence the sort of stuff you'd find in the Al Capone St. Valentine's Day School and Gangster Training Academy. I liked it),-1.4
(,"I am quite sure that this was the worst movie ever made. If you can't make a 13 year old boy laugh at silly humor you should give up comedy forever. Unfortunately Joan Rivers chose differently. The movie is full of predictable gags (some of these are racist) and very unfunny jokes. Particularly memorable is the scene where the doctor tells the lead character that the rabbit has died and he is pregnant (as I write this),-0.8571428571428571
(,"I should explain why i gave this...""piece of art"" 1 star rating out of possible 10. Simply because it's hard or next to impossible to rate it unbiased. probably it would have been the same if i had given it 10/10 - explanations anyway would have followed.<br /><br />I am not fond of these pointless gore movies like HOSTEL or so - i think that's disgusting and pretty terrible (in all the possible contextual meanings)),-0.3333333333333333
(,"The problem this film has is the same problem the TV series had and that`s the laddish Stan and Jack . There`s nothing wrong with laddish characters but Stan and Jack are played by actors who seem to be in their late 40s/ early 50s ! And there`s something objectionable - not to mention crediblity defying - as they cop off with girls young enough to be their daughters<br /><br />As for the rest of HOLIDAY ON THE BUSES ),-2.0
(,"This is waaaaay to much.. so frustrating to watch.. I was waiting for the whole damn movie to end and to finally get some ANSWERS!!.. and what I've had in the end was nothing but a HUUUGE neon-sign question mark above my head!!!!! I haven't seen such a bad acting and such a nonsense movie in a long long time.. and what's bothering me is.. how come someone (an actor) read the script of such a bull!?#@ movie and say: OK),-2.75
(,"I can see where the film makers were going with this. But they never really reach their destination. It's supposed to be a homage to Spaghetti westerns albeit set in a sort of mythical modern time frame."" But unfortunately it fall short in its attempt. It doesn't have that gritty realism that spaghetti westerns are known for. The characters are not vile and desperate enough like their Italian western counterparts. And),-0.75
(,"Simply the best and most realistic movie about World War II I've ever seen. Not only because the German soldiers talk German and Russian soldiers talk Russian (no English in a German or Russian dialect)also because of the realistic decor in which the movie was shot. The acting is outstanding. No Hollywood-sentiment at all even no love story...Stalingrad was supposed to be one of the most horrific battles during the war),-0.2857142857142857
(,"The movie that shoots scenes of a scenic caverns tour.<br /><br />Remember no one from this movie except for Michael Pataki who dished out extreme pain as JC in ""Five the Hard Way"". He's the really annoying sheriff who I did applaud when he practices nightstick on our rabid doctor. Probably the most laughs you will have is with Dr. Beck's epileptic seizures out of nowhere. Could Mrs. Beck be anymore wooden? Seriously),-0.4
(,"This movie is one big stereotype. The acting (except Philbin & Harrison) is awful and the horrid script only make things worse. I must agree with another review that the ""local"" characters sound ridiculous as a matter of fact so do the ""caucasian"" characters. 3 stars out of 10 for 1)Philbin 2)Harrison 3)surf scenes. (1/2* out of ****) Watch ""Aloha Summer"" (**) and/or ""Beyond Paradise""(***) for Hawaii done right),-0.6
(,"WOW! Why would anybody make a sequel to an already rancid film? Half Past Dead was a bad movie but at least at had an idea of what it wanted to be. HPD2 has no clue of what it wants to be. It just exists on screen for reasons I cant explain. Spoiler: The whole movie is this: Twitch(played by Kurupt of Tha Dogg Pound) gets transferred to another jail where there might be a box filled with gold bricks buried. In the jail),-2.0
(,"You know the old saw about a train wreck? The one about how you can't look away? This movie isn't that good. The only reason you're still there is because you brought your kids and you can't leave them alone in the theater. You might catch a nap.<br /><br />Tim Hill should never work in film again after delivering this awful piece of junk. He manages to take a decent comic actor in Jason Lee and turn him into a robotic),-2.0
(,"Bela Lugosi appeared in several of these low budget chillers for Monogram Studios in the 1940's and The Corpse Vanishes is one of the better ones.<br /><br />Bela plays a mad scientist who kidnaps young brides and kills them and then extracts fluid from their bodies so he can keep his ageing wife looking young. After a reporter and a doctor stay the night at his home and discover he is responsible for the brides' deaths),-0.5
(,"Countless Historical & cultural mistakes 0/10<br /><br />(1) A Jewish guy named OMAR!!! Hahahaha (2) Brilliant detective was taking out by the least intelligent guy in the movie! (3) Jewish suicide bombers!! That was funny. (4) Hitler and his top guns went to watch a movie downtown Paris!!! With two guards at the door. !! shoot me. (5) Brad Pitt overacted and it was painful to watch him. (6) Mr. QT is re-writing history),-0.2
(,"I feel much less generous with this film than others of its ilk. The portrayal of madmen in this century is always done with them being so totally bizarre as to be a different species. Their antics are so outrageous as to be totally fictionalized. Everyone is Napoleon or some other historical figure; or they have a fascination with chickens. They are on the make or beating each other up. It's as if the scriptwriter said),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie should be retitled: Sex in the 70s In a Part of New York City called Greenwich Village and Chelsea.<br /><br />This movie does little to talk about sex in the 70s except focus on the hypersexual environments of public and private sex spaces in New York City. I doubt that the Manhole bar was symbolic of actual sex in the 70s and that kind of sex is much more prevalent in the film.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong),-0.3333333333333333
(,"""Citizen X"" is the superbly told true story of the hunt for one of history's worst serial killers. What makes this story even more compelling is where and when it took place; the Soviet Union in the 1980's.<br /><br />** Mild Spoilers **<br /><br /> Viktor Burakov (magnificently played by Stephen Rea) is a newly promoted forensic investigator for the Rostov oblast militia. He discovers past and present unsolved murders),-0.5
(,"A masterful treatment of James Caine's ""The Postman Always Rings Twice"" as Luchino Visconti's first film shot primarily around Ferrara in a soulless war-torn Italy. The original negative was thought destroyed but Visconti saved a print and fortunately we can see this early neo-realist work today. A ruggedly handsome Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai (who had recently revealed her breasts in La Cena delle beffe"" (1941)),-1.0
(,"BLACK EYE (2 outta 5 stars) Unimaginatively-filmed '70s action movie looks like it was made for TV... only the occasional cuss word and a subplot about lesbianism tip you off that the movie was actually made to be shown in theatres. Fred Williamson plays a tough guy ex-cop who becomes a tough guy private eye. He stumbles upon a couple of murders and attempted murders linked to a mysterious cane. There are some fistfights),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Colombian terrorists hold hostage a military school in the U.S. until their demands are met. The students decide to fight back. Will they be able to do it?<br /><br />Silly premise but the film actually works. The group of kids who fight were all up and coming when this film came out in 1991: Sean Astin (looking very cute); Wil Wheaton (looking miserable); Keith Coogan; George Perez (the token Latino who is very handsome),-0.8
(,"In this follow up to The Naked Civil Servant we see the final years of Quentin Crisp's life in New York. John Hurt is again Crisp (come on who else could play the part?) and its a role he inhabits to the point of disappearing. For me Hurt is Crisp and I've always found it very hard to take the man himself because Hurt was more him than he was himself. Its masterful performance. His equal is Denis O'Hare as Phillip Steele),-1.0
(,"Let's get one thing straight; This was BAD! So Putrid that it doesn't even qualify to be imprinted on anyone's memories.<br /><br />The ever repeating storyline (who's constant recycling of not only jokes but story lines and character appearances.) A typical storyline goes as follows; Sue (the mother) opens the episode quoting on how she loves her baby son but smells awful (As if THAT doesn't get old! har-de-bloody-har!)),-0.5
(,"Liongate has yet to prove itself. Every single movie from lionsgate has been abysmal. i've tried and tried to give them more opportunities and they just keep slapping me over and over again. And Cabin Fever is definitely no exception.<br /><br />I couldn't even pay attention to most of this movie it was so frustrating and bad.<br /><br />here's the plot. Guy cuts up dead dog for some reason. Gets infected by random virus),-1.1428571428571428
(,"Sam Mraovich should never be allowed to touch a camera again. If he does he should be arrested on the spot...at the very least for petty larceny. Anybody who pays even a dime to rent any of his garbage should file a claim and be compensated. This was innocently my first viewing of his ""work""...and it will my last. Ed Wood looks awfully good to me right now.<br /><br />When I return this piece of crap to the video store),-1.0
(,"The Psychopath (1973) A trip down memory lane. I saw this film many years ago on a old black and white t.v. A children's' show host Mr. Rabbey avenges the brutal abuse that parents inflict upon his kiddie fans. Mr. Rabbey (who looks like he's always on the verge of losing it) finally cracks and decides to go on a hunting trip. Watch out bad parents cause Mr. Rabbey is on the prowl! What happens next is priceless. However),-1.75
(,"This is probably one of the worst films i have ever seen. The events in it are completely random and make little or no sense. The fact that there is a sequel is so sickening i may come down with a case of cabin fever (I'M SO SORRY). I describe it as bug being smooshed to a newspaper because it seems to be different parts of things mixed together. e.g Kevin the pancake loving karate kid is just freakishly weird on its own),-1.0
(,"I had no idea what the film is about before I saw it because Tashan only had teaser trailers while it was being promoted. So I asked my friends if they knew anything about it and they said that ""It is the directorial debut of Vijay Krishna Acharya who wrote the screenplays for Dhoom 1 & 2 and Saif Ali Khan's son Ibrahim makes his debut in the film by playing him as a child in his flashback"".<br /><br />After watching it),-1.0
(,"It's really a shame to see so many talented people involved in what's happen to be a very waste of talents. The plot is cliché. The directing is too self conscious and the characters are almost caricatures. One of the most disappointing aspect of this film is Gerard Depardieu's performance in the English version (this movie was shot in french and English at the same time). Although he is one of the best actor in the film),-0.5
(,"Short synopsis <br /><br />This film opens with soldiers being released from the company of men. One of them pursues another with a weird scheme the other repeatedly refuses. Later they both get trapped in an office building in which they want to crack a safe during the Christmas holidays. Hostility turns into playful banter and then into a desperate fight for survival (during the bantering they lose all drinkable liquids),-0.5714285714285714
(,"The only redeeming quality of this movie is that it was bad enough to be comedic. Everyone in this movie looks like a porn industry drop out. I have actually seen better acting in low budget porn. I though I had actually rented some kind of gay porn after this classic scene: Jim: Watch your ass Nick: You watch yours (together): I wont leave you behind!<br /><br />The first action sequence shows how awful the production is),-0.75
(,"They're showing this on some off-network. It's well crap. While it is not as bad as the B-movies they show on the Sci-fi network on Saturdays but still a fairly large pile of crap. The acting is passable. The plot and writing are fairly sub-standard and the pacing is entirely too slow. Every minute of the movie feels like the part of the movie where they're wrapping things up before the credits - not the peak of the movie),-0.5
(,"I bought the DVD of this movie because I am a fan of William Devane and I was really disappointed about ""A Christmas Visitor"". The story of the movie is so boring and slow in the development that you just want to turn off your TV or DVD player after about the half of it. The dialogues are really bad and belong to a daily soap opera but not in a TV movie. William Devane was alright in his part and he was acting quite good),-0.16666666666666666
(,"I can't think of much to say about this film. <br /><br />This was an awful movie...I can't even tell you what made me decide to view it. It had SO few redeeming qualities that I don't even know where to begin.<br /><br />The plot moved from implausible to downright absurd. My entire body was tense throughout the duration of the movie because I could not wait for the awful thing to be over and done. By the end of the movie),-2.6666666666666665
(,"I totally agree that the reenactments kill what could otherwise be a great show. I'll admit that I'd seen 1 or 2 episodes last season and was not clear at all that it was all reenacted. But when I caught one episode recently it suddenly jumped out at me BIG TIME and I lost interest immediately. Then I noticed the disclaimer at the start before an episode that followed. Has anyone followed the show closely enough to tell me),-0.14285714285714285
(,"Sudden Impact tends to be treated as Eastwood's artistic failure at a point in his career when he had established a good reputation as a director. The reason is actually not the film itself but the attitude it takes towards vigilantism which it seems to support. In some places it actually owes more to Death Wish than the original Dirty Harry film. One might argue if that is so- at the end of the day it's a film about guilt),-0.6666666666666666
(,"An interesting idea (four African American women crushed under society's boot heel take their revenge by robbing banks) is ruined by F. Gary Gray's horribly slow direction and an excruciating script (by Takashi Bufford and Kate Lanier) full of unintentionally funny moments. Instead of delivering a pointed commentary about the role of urban women struggling to stay afloat in a world where men cruelly abuse and humiliate them),-0.7142857142857143
(,"I bought this DVD for £1 and now i realise why. The acting was the worst I've seen in a long time. The lighting and sound are shoddy at best. The plot makes little sense even when sober (WARNING: I don't advise watching this film when sober.) This film feels like you're watching the home movie of someone who doesn't get out much. It really is a shame that all the very little money spent on this project went to such a waste),-1.0
(,"This has the absolute worst performance from Robert Duval who sounds just like William Buckley throughout the entire film. His hammy melodramatic acting takes away from any dramatic interest. I'm not sure if this was deliberate scene stealing or inadvertent but it's the only thing I can recall from a truly forgettable film. This picture should be shown in every amateur acting class of an example of what not to do. Thank God),-0.5
(,"Uwe Boll slips back in his film-making skills once again to offer up a scifi horror tale of mercenaries and reporters taking on super soldiers on a remote island. An okay cast headed by the excellent Udo Keir is cast adrift by Boll who makes the worst of script that should have worked. The mad scientist being investigated by a reporter has been done to death but this script is amusing enough that the plot should have worked),-0.4
(,"As a Turkish man now living in Sweden I must confess I often watch Scandinavian movies. Most if them I never understand. I think actors from Scandinavia work best in Hollywood. Last week I watched a film called ""The Polish Wedding"" together with a polish friend of mine and we both said it was the worst movie we ever watched. Unfortunately I was wrong this movie "" House of Angels"" is even worse. None of the actors can act),-0.6666666666666666
(,"How do I begin? This movie is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen .It has no redeemable qualities .I just sat through this movie and it was a struggle.It failed to get even a single smile on my face.I find it hard to believe that anyone would distribute this horrible film. I felt that this movie was a failed attempt at distasteful humor. The only thing that was worth anything about this movie was the soundtrack),-1.0
(,"I am wanting to make a ""Holmes with Doors"" pun but I can't quite string it all together. Suitably grubby and over edited WONDERLAND gives Kilmer a role that channels Morrison at the same time....but how coy is this film about the famous 14 inches! Australian crime films flash it all the time and skip the graphic violence instead.....as someone famous said once about US cinema double standards: ""kiss a breast and it's an X),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I bought this thing used at a video game store's ""clearance bin"". I wanted to get that guilty feeling from watching something I've been warned is too intense to watch; I wanted the shock value. I wanted to feel guilty and bad about watching a ""banned film"". I was very disappointed.<br /><br />Cannibal Ferox does not work because it is so campy and fake. Most of the time the camera does not show you the ""shocking"" stabs),-1.7
(,"Jeremy Northam struggles against a ""Total Recall"" clone script and disposable romantic by-play to bring life to a confused character. Lucy Liu graduates her acting from a wooden start to a workman-like finish. You can't fail to laugh when viewing her interviews on the DVD when she uses the term ""Femme fatal"" and ""Romance"". French film-noir actress she is not and they lack chemistry together.<br /><br />This movie fails),-1.5
(,"The tragedy of the doomed ship Titanic has inspired many books and movies. The battle between nature and technology always caught man's imagination. The latest film concerning this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by famous action movie filmmaker James Cameron. The story of ""Titanic"" involves two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one is a hobo-artist),-1.0
(,"This is a stereotype plot. A young fighter tries to enter a competition when he is not ready and is not selected to represent his fighting school. This leads to separation from the fighting school and naturally he finds a strange new master to teach him to fight.<br /><br />The fights are not of high standards. They are way too ""simple"" in a way that 1+1 is simple to every adult. The fighter has trained and enters the ring),-1.5
(,"""Brotherhood of Satan"" is one of the most underrated horror films of all times.Why it hasn't achieved a cult status is beyond me.This is a chilling tale of terror and witchcraft which contains one of the most powerful and disturbing climaxes in the annals of screen horror.In the small American town some children have disappeared and their parents been violently murdered.What is the cause of hysteria?The film is really eerie),-1.1666666666666667
(,"Boring movie. Poor plot. Poor actors. The movie happens in a room supposed to be in Morocco but actually in some American city! The ""Arab terrorists"" are the patriots the blonde patriot is the ""Arab terrorist""...DAMN!<br /><br />There is something good about this movie though (that's why the score is 2 out of 10). The director turns the ridiculous stereotype about terrorism the media feeds us every day into the real thing),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I could not stand the woman who played the mother. I wanted her to shut up. She had a bizarre manner of speaking and the lines she was given to read didn't make it any better. I had no idea why the men of the town were so taken with her to cause all these problems except that in a town populated by men she seemed to be the only woman over ten and under sixty. Even after a terrible tragedy her voice was devoid of human emotion),-2.0
(,"I saw this movie as a child and i am longing to see it again. has it survived? I discount the 1980 version entirely as being fluff. I am sure that there are many that don't feel it is necessary to preserve these films. It is so unfortunate to discover a lost gem after it is gone. Young people today don't realize the hallucinatory quality and the impact on one's life a film seen in early youth can have in later life. This film),-2.0
(,"Seeing as the world snooker championship final finished in a premature and disappointing manner with Ronnie O`Sullivan defeating Greame Dott by 18 frames to 8 BBC 2 found a gap in their schedule and so decided to broadcast A WALK ON THE MOON a movie I had absolutely no knowledge off<br /><br />I missed a few seconds of the title credits so had no idea Viggo Mortensen starred in it and thought possibly it might be a cheap TVM ),-1.5
(,"This movie had horrible lighting and terrible camera movements. This movie is a jumpy horror flick with no meaning at all. The slashes are totally fake looking. It looks like some 17 year-old idiot wrote this movie and a 10 year old kid shot it. With the worst acting you can ever find. People are tired of knives. At least move on to guns or fire. It has almost exact lines from ""When A Stranger Calls"". With gruesome killings),-1.9
(,"This was a strange film. A bit horror and certainly film noir. Some fifth columnists meet and mysteriously start dying off with a Japanese dagger in their hands after Monsieur Colomb (Bela Lugosi) shows up.<br /><br />Soon the Lone Ranger arrives in the person of FBI Agent Richard 'Dick' Martin (Clayton Moore). Martin is ineffective in finding the killer as he is more interested in the niece (Joan Barclay) of a missing doctor),-0.75
(,"""Trigger Man"" is definitely the most boring and silliest movie I've ever seen in my life. My aunt's holiday videos are more fascinating.<br /><br />The actors seem to be recruited at uglypeople.com. They do not have any talent to act in a convincing manner.<br /><br />They walk and walk and walk through the forest. There's more walking-around than in all three parts of ""The Lord of the Rings"" together. After the first hour),-3.0
(,"Bad. Bad. Bad. Bad. Bad. What else can I say. Kate Jackson must have been desperate to direct. May be she should go back to acting...on second thought she was a bad actress to. Who would put money in to producing something this bad. I like anti-Christ movies and usually have a good laugh and the odd scare but this one is just Bad Bad Bad. The acting by the stars was worse than what you find on a soap opera. The special effects),-0.875
(,"The first thing that struck me about this movie was the terrible acting. The whole cast was so uniformly inept at delivering their lines that I started laughing at the awful dialog midway through the film. An even bigger issue with this movie is that at no point do we ever find out what motivates the actions of each character. The one somewhat redeeming aspect of the movie is Halfdan Hussey's innovative visual effects. However),-0.8333333333333334
(,"total crap.<br /><br />I was kind of excited to see this as it is the only film version I have seen of Mansfield Park. I suffered through the first four episodes but when it came to the proposal scene between Henry and Fanny I snapped and had to turn it off. Whoever employs this Sylvestra Le Touzel lady has got to be both blind and deaf cause the woman is the worst actress I've ever seen in my life. The whole thing is just bad),-0.4
(,"this by far one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. I gave up to watch it after an hour and regretted that hour a lot. the acting is horrible and there is almost no plot. my guess is that someone came up with a strange shape of an animal and started to make a story around of it. borrowing some ideas from movies like Resident Evil and Aliens doesn't result in a movie like them. if this going to be a top Korean movie),-0.5
(,"I think that this film is one of the funniest films i have ever seen. I think Debbie Reynolds is hilarious and the chemistry between her and Glenn Ford is perfect. There is not a dull moment in the film and Debbie looks beautiful as always. <br /><br />The story is about a showgirl Maggie(Debbie Reynolds) who meets a penniless soldier Joe (Glenn Ford). She takes an instant dislike to him but after he accidentally tears her dress),-0.5
(,"This is one of the weakest soft porn film around. I can't believe somebody wrote this stupid story before making some changes. The guy Mike is a major wimp and moron I can't believe he didn't want to take a shower with his bride-to-be Toni and be in a threesome with the french photographer Jan. He does do a threesome with Toni and Kristi but that was short I hate that every time in Soft Core Porn Films threesomes between a woman),-1.75
(,"I am appalled at how bad this film is. As a pastiche of early 20th century Hollywood artistes it sets a new low - even past The Moderns or (gasp) Cradle Will Rock & I never thought I'd see a film worse than those 2. Granted they were about a slightly different milieu & period. Nevertheless the intents & results were distressingly similar.<br /><br />First off there's the horrible casting: Eddie Izzard as CHAPLIN? Excuse me? Peter),-2.75
(,"I'm not looking for quality; I'm just trying to get through the 74 famous video nasties that were banned in Britain. This one was initially banned and re-released in 2001 with a whole 10 seconds cut.<br /><br />Some college kids spend their Christmas vacation preparing a dorm for renovation. There are some creepy characters lurking about along with the four kids. Which of them is the slasher? The actual killings are not very gory),-1.6666666666666667
(,"In reality that happened: the royal mother in law and father in law lunched with the couple the day after the wedding and gave her the money in public. This troubled young Elisabeth so much that she never forgot the issue. We must remember she was only 16. She was so embarrassed that she kept a fear for sex all her life. Perhaps this began to appear as a trauma. Also the constant meddling of her aunt and mother in law. As you say),-2.0
(,"This is the worst work ever of Daniel Day Lewis..... I can not believe that in the same year he made this awful movie and My left foot..... Please stay away from this movie....this is a movie only for Argentine people as a curiosity... The plot is impossible to understand...... The writer thinks that in Argentine all the people speaks in english... Of course the Patagonia bring a very good frame for the photo shooting of the film),-1.0
(,"Watching The Tenants has been a interesting experience for me. It is the first film I have ever seen where I have shuttled at speed through parts of the (non)action - and I can normally watch anything from turgid action movies to Serbo-Croat indie and find them fascinating.<br /><br />The Tenants is frustratingly sluggish and over-orchestrated. One of the main problems of the script is there is little realistic character dialogue),-0.6666666666666666
(,"What did I just watch? I spent 90 minutes of my precious life watching one of the dumbest movies I've ever seen. The concept of a serial killer clown is actually quite scary seeing is there are a lot of people who are afraid of clowns....but having it be a 300 pound nursery rhyme reciting killer clown makes a mockery of the genre. I still am wondering how the character Mark wasn't able to run away from the Clown...he's 300 pounds),-2.0
(,"""Tourist Trap"" is a genuinely spooky low-budget horror film that will surely satisfy horror fans.It contains extremely strange atmosphere and there are some quite unnerving moments of total dread and fear.Some scenes are downright bizarre for example there is one scene when Chuck Connors sits down to have dinner with a mannequin that comes to life and starts conversing with him before its head falls off.There is very little gore),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I first saw this film when i was about 13. It blew me away then and in many respects it still does now. But i am less inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now. There is precious little effort made to examine and interact with the racism - and thus fails to recognise that the most potent anti racism weapon is to understand it at its very core in those who commit it. What we get instead is a dichotomy - on the one side),-1.6
(,"Incarcerated train robber near Yuma breaks free his chain-gang and heads for the retired sheriff responsible for killing his wife (as well as a hidden stash of gold which remains hidden thanks to the screenwriter). Attempt to bring the western genre up-to-date with 1970s-style violence and brutality isn't even in the same league as some of the new-fangled westerns which came out of the late-'60s. It is impossibly simple and square),-0.5
(,"There was a video out in America called 'Cartoon Scandals' that featured about an hours worth of banned cartoons.<br /><br />Most of them were WWII era. That's where I first saw (and heard of) this one.<br /><br />The rooster during the opening news broadcast turns into a vulture with an Asian face saying 'cock-a-doodle-doo please.' After that it's eight minutes of propaganda played out like a newsreel.<br /><br />Viscously racist),-0.6
(,"This is one the worst movie I've seen and certainly worst movie Nagesh Kuknoor has made. I can't believe person who has created movie like Teen Deewarein can create utter crap like this. <br /><br />Plot of the film itself is really faulty that Zeenat has to search Meera and get her clemency to help her husband avoid death penalty in Soudi Arabia. Common logic says if Zeenat cannot search Meera easily so won't the Soudi Government),-0.8888888888888888
(,"too bad they showed palm trees that could not be more inaccurate for Connecticut in October ... this was filmed in New Zealand ...This Martha Moxley case had been 'cold' for 20-25 years ... her family worked hard to keep it alive and when Mark Fuhrman decided he did not want to be remembered only for his involvement in the Nicole Simpson case .... which could have been deleterious to his reputation (if it already hadn't)... Anyway),-0.5
(,"Did the movie-makers even preview this before they released it? The script jumps from place to place without giving much explanation. The beginning doesn't clarify if its a prequel or not. It starts with Superman's beginnings on Earth and then jumps to a point after the last movie - but doesn't really alert the viewer of this. VERY confusing! Superman himself is weak and in need of Prozac. He is portrayed as a potential home-wrecker),-1.5
(,"I was kinda surprised by the PG rating on the back of the DVD case. I certainly wouldn't want my kids watching this one. I think this would scare the crap out of a 10 year old.<br /><br />Plot: A girl trying to fit in to the clique is hazed and tormented by the 'in crowd.' They talk her into spending the night in this creepy mausoleum (that reminded me of Phantasm...) and they proceed to torment her in the night. Little do they know),-0.75
(,"I'll be quick to address the matters of the film here: It was a very engaging story about the destructive qualities about all-consuming passions; a young Italian woman who cannot emotionally connect with her jailed political-radical fiancé (due in part to her apolitical attitudes and freewheeling approach to life) finds solace and passion in a new young lover whom she embarks on an explicitly sexual relationship with. The anxieties),-1.3333333333333333
(,"It didn't take too long after Halloween had kicked off the slasher boom for the category to be cursed by continuous mediocrity. As early as 1983 the genre was already struggling to release more than three decent offerings per year and by '88 the stalk and slash flick had become pretty much the whipping boy of horror cinema. By that time major studios were all aware that repeating the tired formula was no longer a lucrative direction),-1.2
(,"Mindless dribble about the second coming of Christ in the form of a hippie and albino looking Sandra Locke. You have no idea what's happening on the screen with the irritating theme song ""Suzanne"" being played over and over throughout the movie until when ""The Second Coming of Suzanne"" is over you already know it by hard no matter how hard you try to forget the whole thing.<br /><br />This off-the-wall armature movie maker Logan),-1.0
(,"This film is so unbelievable; - the whole premise is bunkum; the fact that a serial killer (vampire or otherwise) could fly around untraced and kill as many people as the film implies is laughable. The vampire himself would not look out of place in a Bela Lugosi film. Most of the acting is so wooden the actors should be treated for dry rot. I await the day when someone makes a decent film from a Steven King novel (with the exception),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is by far the worst Hemingway adaptation ever. Rock Hudson was badly miscast and entirely unbelievable as a hard-bitten soldier/adventurer drawn to war. Jennifer Jones was far too old for her part and Vittorio de Sica seemed to think he was acting in some other movie altogether. They tried to make a large-scale epic out of a low-key romantic novel and the result is terrible. As if that were not enough the whole thing is so slow),-1.25
(,"I hate this movie. I hate the show. i hate just about everything about it. it's so annoying and stupid. everyone's saying that nat and alex wolff are heroes in the music world and that they're going to make it big. WHAT KIND OF DRUGS ARE YOU TAKING???!!!?!?!?!?! nat and alex are going to end up as either hobos or end up like Jane Hudson from ""Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?"". i could only get through not even 20 minutes of this one),-1.1666666666666667
(,"Perhaps I'm out of date or just don't know what Electra is like in current publications... But the Electra that I read was far more manipulative and always seems to have a plan. She usually used others to do her dirty work and more often than not some sort of double cross was involved. Just when you think you have it all figured out she pull the wool over your eyes and gets her way.<br /><br />This movie was fairly weak on the dialog),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Throw this lame dog a bone. Sooo bad...you may watch anyway. Kol(Ross Hagen)is an intergalactic bad guy that escapes being vaporised by an over zealous spaceship commander(Jan-Michael Vincent). Kol manages to steal a shuttle that crash lands on Earth. An unstoppable android killer is sent to bring back the villain dead or alive. John Phillip Law plays a forest/park ranger that urges caution in dealing with these two visitors from far),-1.125
(,"Since Jason and his ilk took over horror films circa 1980 most every horror film has involved a group of hormonally charged teenagers being chopped to bits with the focus on the chopping and not the suspense.<br /><br />This little film is different. Made in the early 80's it does what every good horror film should do - bring your worst fears to life while you sit around just knowing that these horrors are just around the corner. Then),-1.0
(,"This movie succeeds at being one of the most unique movies you've seen. However this comes from the fact that you can't make heads or tails of this mess. It almost seems as a series of challenges set up to determine whether or not you are willing to walk out of the movie and give up the money you just paid. If you don't want to feel slighted you'll sit through this horrible film and develop a real sense of pity for the actors involved),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This version of David Copperfield is dreadful from start to finish. I knew we were in for a wasted evening's viewing when a rather silly to the point of embarrassment Attenborough and Olivier camp it up as two baddies. It was all downhill after this. Aunt Betsy was adequate but had none of the eccentric flair she was noted for.The worst of the worst was the producer's choice for Uriah. This was the music hall version of this character),-1.8571428571428572
(,"What a crap that movie is. The script is simply non existent. The movie at times seems like a music video. But it cannot even be that since the soundtrack does not really match. Pathetic way of combining action and rap. One might think it being a recipe for a successful flick... here it fails miserably. Dialogues in this flick just killed me. The scene when Harlan is interrogated by some policeman is merely pitiful. Generally speaking),-0.8333333333333334
(,"I am watching this movie right now on WTN because that was the channel that the TV was turned to when I turned it on. It is a not very credible and fairly boring story about a minister's wife (Alexandra Paul) falling in lust with a young stud/drifter (with washboard abs) played by Corey Sevier. There may or may not be a plot. Corey whips his shirt off a lot and Alexandra swoons. I'm getting the feeling he's supposed to be up to no good),-0.2
(,"I was actually planning to see this movie when I noticed it in my TV guide but after about 5 minutes decided time is definitely more precious than ""Who's That Girl"" could ever be worth. Describing how bad Madonna's acting looks like is impossible and the end result is one of the most annoying characters ever captured on film. This crap is an insult to movies and intellect. I almost never! rate a movie I don't see from start to finish),-1.6
(,"Is there anything that happens in this movie that is NOT predictable? I think not. Basically the movie is cliché after cliché and really nothing ever comes as a surprise. It makes the movie extremely predictable and because of that the movie is also seriously lacking in tension. So for a thriller it is not tense and unpredictable enough but also as a drama it's a failure. This is because the movie its story is highly unlikely. I mean),-2.0
(,"Rex Reed once said of a movie (""Julia and Julia"" to be specific) that it looked like it was shot through pomegranate juice. I was reminded of that as I snored through Purple Butterfly. This one appeared to be shot through gauze.<br /><br />The story was boring and it was not helped that for large portions of scenes actors' faces were literally out of focus or would only come into focus after extended periods of time. <br /><br />Also),-0.5
(,"This movie was a dismal attempt at recreating a crucial time in English history. The film version of Cromwell's growing involvement in the War is marginally accurate but the overall historical accuracy of this movie was way off. This film implies that the war was started over religious differences but the Civil War was in no way Catholic versus Protestant: both sides were Protestant. Cromwell was never present at the battle of Edgehill),-1.0
(,"Don't really know where to start with one of the worst films I have had the displeasure to watch in a very long time. From the setting which was quite obviously and very clear to anyone who has visited London for even 1 day will agree...was not London. To the much unexplained way how Snipe's character managed to escape the country back to the US without a single problem. Then he convinces the girl and grandmother to visit him in America),-0.5
(,"Ed Gein: The Butcher of Plainfield is set in the small American town of Plainfield in Wisconsin during 1957 where loner Ed Gein (Kane Hodder) lives by himself on a farm after the death if his mother & brother. The local police have had a spate of grave robberies to deal with & when local barmaid Sue Layton (Ceia Coley) suspicions grow that something nasty is going on. Ed is a violent sexually deviant man who kidnaps girls & murders them),-2.4
(,"I rarely write reviews but this film simply demands more attention than it gets as it contains the most hysterical kidnapping gone comically wrong sequence ever filmed.<br /><br />I have only seen this once and found it to be the funniest film I had ever had the privilege to watch. I laughed from beginning to end. It is such a shame it is not out on DVD or video.<br /><br />You can only compare its cinematography with that of It's A Mad),-1.4
(,"I saw this Australian film about 10 years ago and have never forgotten it. The movie shows the horror of war in a way that Hollywood usually glosses over. The relationship between the soldiers of the two warring countries is highlighted by the differences in culture and the ultimate knowledge that in the end we are all really not different on the inside. If you can find any type of copy of this--buy or rent it. You won't be disappointed),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I'm almost embarrassed to admit to seeing CALIGULA twice. The problems with the production are almost too numerous to mention. The script is sub-standard (it's easy to see why Vidal tried to disown it). The direction is worse. Most of the movie consists of long shots inter cut with close-ups interspersed with cross cuts of mostly un-erotic porn (more prevalent obviously in the ""uncut"" version). The cinematography is especially sub par),-1.0
(,"Perry Mason: The Case of the Glass Coffin finds Raymond Burr defending David Copperfield/Rick Blaine like magician Peter Scolari from a murder charge involving one of his assistants. A trick involving a suspended glass coffin in midair goes awry and the body of Nancy Grahn comes a tumbling out.<br /><br />Nancy was one of six female assistants who work with the act and we learn two things about her. First in a moment of drunken weakness),-0.75
(,"This movie tries its darndest to capture that classic bad canadian movie feel:<br /><br />""quirky"" and obnoxious characters (a few); ""quirky"" town with ""quirky"" folk; a ""quirky"" coffee shop or restaurant (coffee shop here); lots of shots of canadian stuff for postcards (ocean stuff here); lots of mention of ""gotta get out of this town""; downright booooring.<br /><br />And it succeeds on all counts.<br /><br />Something to note),-3.0
(,"Having majored in Western History when I was a student in college seeing the views on World War II are quite discomforting and in a whole completely wrong. World War II was the most graphic and bloody affairs to ever occur in world history. While the Axis Powers conducted many crimes against humanity which is still the view today and the correct many people forget that not every German soldier was out to exterminate the Jewish population),-2.0
(,"Maverick cop with family problems and fondness of using his gun  Check! Isolated location with valuable object which is begging to be stolen  Check! Tasty looking love interest  Check! Assorted band of dumb cardboard cannon fodder villains with dodgy European accents  Check! German sounding bad guy played by an English actor with a piece of corny dialogue for every occasion  Check! Corny one liners  Check!<br /><br />Deary me),-0.7777777777777778
(,"Why was this movie ever made?They have tarnished the original Caddyshack with this crap.I was only able to watch half of it and i didn't laugh once.At least i didn't pay to see it because it was on t.v. but i won't get back that hour of my life that i spent watching this dreadful mess.There wasn't one original star from the first except for Chevy Chase and he probably regrets doing this film.Jackie Mason was supposed to be the outrageous),-1.25
(,"There are so many things wrong with this movie that it is hard to pick just a few. Let's start with the silly and annoying songs. Like ""Ride Little Cowboy"" which just tended to accentuate the city-slickers look of Klinton Spilsbury. The silly kiddie cowboy songs going on in the background during the movie hurt any credibility or momentum that the story had going for it.<br /><br />I had seen the media hype before this movie was released),-1.5
(,"This film was made soon enough after Karen's passing that perhaps Richard Carpenter and the people closest to Karen were feeling a little guilty as to how they may have contributed to her health problems. As the years have passed (almost 25 to be exact) it must have gotten easier to deny any complicity. Richard has spent the years after Karen's death endlessly remixing and recompiling the recordings he made with her. He married his cousin),-1.5
(,"This is the worst movie I ever paid to see and with the exception of ""They Saved Hitler's Brain"" the worst movie I have ever seen period. When this movie came out I was a big fan of SNL and SCTV and therefore was anticipating what I thought would be the funniest movie that could be produced since it did not have the restrictions the TV improv shows must deal with. <br /><br />The writers must have thought we will throw in some grossness),-0.5
(,"Judith Ivey as the scamming old whore is awesome. Emily Grace the young girl. Is innocent and exciting as she learns whats going down. Excellent direction and camera. Story is dark and disturbing.Supporting cast is good. Shows what happens and can happen with a run of bad luck. Great independent film. Small cast. Pace is slow at first and then moves good. A good movie to show your teen age daughter who has aspirations of leaving home early),-0.25
(,"That someone could have conceived this nonsense and then got it produced is incredible. That it actually aired on television and advertisers actually PAID TO BE ASSOCIATED WITH IT is mind boggling. This stomach-wrenching excuse for kid's programming is almost too vile to comment on. I've burned -- yes burned -- any Barney tapes that people have given my son. To find this awful programming in my library was an unpleasant surprise. And where),-1.6
(,"The story of Farewell to the King is intriguing. An American ""deserter"" (I had the impression he and his 3 comrades were only trying to escape capture in the Philippines as their desperate escape by raft to Borneo is not your classic desertion). But no sooner do they come ashore when they are discovered by the Japanese. Nolte's character (a sergeant) has only moments earlier walked down the beach alone and was not noticed. And incredibly),-1.6
(,"There are so many things wrong with this movie I don't even know where to begin. The story is not cohesive AT ALL. I guarantee that five minutes into the movie the average viewer will be scratching his/her head in confusion.<br /><br />Here's what I remember of the movie before I was bored into unconsciousness: A quasi-abusive dad chases some pre-teen sisters through a house but turns out to be not that abusive after all. In the next scene),-1.5
(,"Tim Taylor is an abusive acholoic drug addict. He's a coward and a child and has absolutely no redeeming qualities as an actor or a person. The only film with him in it that is enjoyable is ""Galaxy Quest"" and that just because his character - a boozed out washed up actor from a former hit TV show - was so close to real life for him. The rest of the cast is equally bad. I HATE the mother and the actress that played her Patricia Richardson),-2.0
(,"Becky Harris plays the female shopper whose misfortune it is to be in the store at the wrong time and obviously ONLY purpose to be in this film is to supply a reason to wear out remote controls! Miss Harris seems to me to be in her fifties or older when she first comes on the scene. Once the red haired thug is done with her it becomes apparent that this is no AARP queen. If these are not some of the finest assets ever displayed on celluloid),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I have never seen such a movie before. I was on the edge of my seat and constantly laughing throughout the entire movie. I never thought such horrible acting existed it was all just too funny. The story behind the movie is decent but the movies scenes fail to portray them. I have never seen such a stupid movie in my life which is why it I think its worth watching. I give this movie 10 out of 10 for being the most pathetic movie ever created),-1.0
(,"My brother-in-law and his wife brought the movie over one night to watch on video. This should have given me the first clue that it would be horrible. It was. From the very first frame to the last this movie is terrible. It does not even quite register as a ""B"" movie. Maybe an N or a P. One of the worst 5 movies I've ever seen. From the rubber raptor-on-a-stick to the still-breathing corpses in the car to the beyond horrible closing lines),-3.0
(,"This is probably Wayne's poorest movie; at least the poorest in which he had a starring role. It's just incredibly bad. The editing is especially awful; it really appears that the editor (if there was one)literally picked up pieces of film off the floor and pasted them together. The opening has to be seen to be believed. John Wayne must have cringed every time it was mentioned! I know there are ""B"" films - but are there ""H"" films? If so),-2.0
(,"This movie was a rather odd viewing experience. The movie is obviously based on a play. Now I'm sure that everything in this movie works out just fine in a play but for in a movie it just doesn't feel terribly interesting enough to watch. The movie is way too 'stagey' and they didn't even bothered to change some of the dialog to make it more fitting for a movie. Instead what is presented now is an almost literally re-filming of a stage-play),-0.6
(,"the acting is good.thats the positives out of the way! SOSN is shallow and superficial.Almost all the characters are middle class and English.The gay men are depicted as fickle sexual predators aiming to use children in their empty lives.This film could only appeal to people who know hampstead heath and would get minor satisfaction from pointing out any landmarks.There is no time to engage with the characters and has a result you really don),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Don't you just hate them slashers that never seem to get started? It sometimes takes them a full hour of lame red herrings before some real action takes place. ""Tourist Trap"" isn't like that! If it's typically gruesome slashing you want...than it's typically gruesome slashing you'll get! Plenty of it AND constantly from start to finish! This movie contains what is probably the greatest opening sequence in 80's horror cinema when a teenager),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I can't believe that Steven Segal's career has hit so low that he has been reduced to making 4th rate films with 5th rate secondary actors. I watched this moving expecting to see him beet the crap out of some people the way he usually does. When he is reduced to using a single judo chop between the shoulder blades to take out an opponent and the guy falls like a ton of bricks something is wrong.<br /><br />The plot is unbelievable as a movie),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This film was the most longest film and the record breaking film for sure It had 30 actors After JAANI DUSHMAN(2002) i guess no one had the guts to do something like that<br /><br />The film as the title suggests is based on the Kargil war but the problem is there are too many characters and the romantic subplots and the songs of many characters are boring<br /><br />Even there are too many cinematic liberties like killing people with knifes),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is by far the worst thing I have ever seen on film. My uncle's home movies have more talent in them then this piece of crap.<br /><br />The plot summary is basically that these twin kick boxers are playing some sick survival game with a man and his private army on some island. The man has a very cheap paper maché looking hand.<br /><br />The acting is atrocious in this movie. There are scene changes at the drop of the hat. For instance),-2.0
(,"This miserable film is a remake of a 1927 film. They should have let it remain that way.<br /><br />What a colossal bomb! Douglas Fairbanks displays absolutely no charisma here. Cesar Romero is subjected to a role as a real jerk and Bette Grable sings with a chorus- What I'll Do to that Hungarian!<br /><br />The ridiculous plot deals with a picture of a woman in a castle in 1561 Rome that saved the day by killing a conqueror. (Fairbanks) Now),-1.8333333333333333
(,"This movie just seemed to lack direction. The plot developed so many twists in such a short amount of time that it seemed to lose any semblance of what the true storyline was. There was a lot of wasted dialogue and just seemed like the writing was rushed and a little too wandering. The exorcism scenes and possession story began to take a back seat to the character's back stories (which were a little weak to begin with).<br /><br />All in all),-0.4
(,"This agonizing comedy-drama got surprisingly sterling reviews upon its release in 1979. I remember opening the movie-section of the L.A. Times and looking at a 2-page advertisement for ""Chapter Two"" filled with glowing captions like: ""Better than 'The Goodbye Girl'!"" and ""Neil Simon does it again!"" What does Neil Simon do? He takes an autobiographical situation (remarrying too soon after the death of a beloved spouse) and makes it rusty),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is a brilliant sci-fi movie that is very strange in how men and women both view the same film. I have talked to many people about the film and almost every guy loved it and said it was brilliant--while most women thought it was just disgusting and stupid! This is the only movie I know of that has such polarized views based on gender. Perhaps many women just have a lower tolerance for disgusting or depressing plots--but whatever the cause),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This may actually be the worst movie that I have ever scene. Incoherent would be a compliment. Even the end made no sense but it was a tremendous relief that it was finally over. I watched it with a kind of fatalistic fascination to see if it could continue to deteriorate and it did. By the end of this mess I was sorry any of the characters survived and I wasn't feeling too charitable about the actors either.If you want to watch a train wreck),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Whatever his name is (the writer and director) should be locked away in hopes garbage like this is never made again. This one is in a battle with some of the most awful movies of all time. Sometimes movies are bad in a way that they're actually sort of good. Not this one. This was so bad I got angry. Seriously. A drunken 10 year old could have come up with a better script. What a waste. ALL the actors were completely uninspired to work at all),-0.5714285714285714
(,"A missed train. A wrong phone number. An extra cup of coffee. What happens to those around you when you make a seemingly innocuous decision? Most people don't give it a thought as they absorbed in their own thoughts and actions.<br /><br />""Happenstance"" tells the story of the interrelations and cause-and-effect of the mundane as it pertains to a group of normal Parisian folk. It has all the components of what passes for contemporary theater),-1.0
(,"In August 1980 the disappearance of baby Azaria Chamberlain and the pursuant trial of her parents Lindy and Michael for the alleged murder of the child caused an uproar across what was then a very angry nation. The media and the public had already tried and convicted the accused couple and were baying for blood. What followed was a gross miscarriage of justice.<br /><br />Michael and Lindy Chamberlain claimed that while camping near Ayers Rock),-2.25
(,"It is way beyond me how this script was ever sold much less produced and distributed. The dialogue was so bad it was sickening. The train and helicopter scenes appeared to have been done on flash cards by high school students. Lou Diamond Phillips must have hidden under his seat when this --- this ""movie""? was shown at a private screening afterwhich he most likely left by the back door. The only emotion it aroused in me was pity for the cast),-2.5
(,"THE GREAT CARUSO was the biggest hit in the world in 1951 and broke all box office records at Radio City Music Hall in a year when most ""movergoers"" were stay-at-homes watching their new 7"" Motorola televisions. Almost all recent box office figures are false --- because they fail to adjust inflation. Obviously today's $10 movies will dominate. In 1951 it cost 90c to $1.60 at Radio City; 44c to 75c first run at Loew's Palace in Washington DC),-1.5
(,"The Last Hard Men finds James Coburn an outlaw doing a long sentence breaking free from a chain gang. Do he and his friends head for the Mexican border from jail and safety. No they don't because Coburn has a mission of revenge. To kill the peace officer who brought him in and in the process killed his woman.<br /><br />That peace officer is Charlton Heston who is now retired and he knows what Coburn is after. As he explains it to his daughter),-0.5
(,"This movie has got to be one of the worst I have ever seen make it to DVD!!! The story line might have clicked if the film had more funding and writers that would have cut the nonsense and sickly scenes that I highly caution parents on.... But the story line is like a loose cannon. If there was such a thing as a drive thru movie maker-this one would have sprung from that.It reminded me a lot of the quickie films that were put out in the 1960's),-1.4
(,"I enjoyed the acting in this movie. Except for the sister. She reminded me of Janice on Friends. I could never quite believe she was anything but obnoxious. <br /><br />My main problems with the movie were the anticlimatic ending and the execution scene with the sister and brother-in-law. The guy falling out of the exploding car? Maybe if his hand had been blown off and he ran to the mute for help and she kissed him and rushed him to a hospital),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I just wanted to write a quick response to all those people who give this film a bad review because they think it isn't funny or that it's boring. <br /><br />Here's the trick --- the film is not meant to be just a comedy. It's got some depth to it. Like many Demme films it deals with people living in some of the odd corners of our society who are trying to work out how to put together a fulfilling life for themselves. <br /><br />Unfortunately),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie is truly brilliant. It ducks through banality to crap at such speed you don't even see good sense and common decency to mankind go whizzing past. But it doesn't stop there! This movie hits the bottom of the barrel so hard it bounces back to the point of ludicrous comedy: behold as Kor the Beergutted Conan wannabe with the over-abundance of neck hair struts his stuff swinging his sword like there's no tomorrow (and the way he swung it),-0.16666666666666666
(,"Let's see. What annoyed me most? The extra long dance scene in the beginning watching people twirling around so much I got dizzy... Without even showing where the music was coming from... All part of a college graduation that had nothing to do with the rest of the film. Or perhaps it was the fact that each scene lasted about fifteen minutes longer than they had to. What a drag this film is. And the most annoying aspect is the bad guys are so bad),-2.2
(,"Val Kilmer is almost nowhere in this film -lucky for him! He plays maybe 30 seconds of screen time and his role is completely irrelevant. After seeing the film I couldn't tell you what ""role"" he plays in the film!!?? OK... they suck you in the first hour by immersing you in dark underground tunnels. Spooky movies filmed in dark underground tunnels easily suck most people in to last the first 30 minutes to an hour. Then you will begin wondering),-3.0
(,"I can catogoricaly and unequivocally say that in all my 51 years on this planet that is the worse (supposibly children's) film i have ever seen in my life.<br /><br />I took my three grand children to see it and even they were struggling to raise a smile during the all tortuous 90 mins. The sexual indendoes i will leave for another day but they were as tasteless as the film. They should pay YOU to watch it not you pay them. It's truly truly awful),-0.75
(,"I was previously unaware that in the early 1990's Devry University (or was it ITT Tech?) added Film to its wonderful repertoire of technical degree programs. Well this movie must have been the product of the class valedictorian. My friend and I rented the original 1980 Boogeyman on my Netflix and this movie was on the flip side of the DVD. Do not waste your time with this movie. Awful awful awful. <br /><br />The filmmaker adds 2 main character's),-0.5
(,"This film is really terrible. terrible as in it is a waste of 84 minutes of your life. Special effects are so terrible. The acting wasn't convincing.<br /><br />Its about a crocodile that attack a view tourists as they are filming a documentary about ""blood surfing"". Blood surfing is when they surf around sharks but it turns terrible wrong when a 31 foot crocodile interrupts there holiday. The sharks don't look real. The crocodile is even worse),-2.142857142857143
(,"I should have gone without seeing the movie after reading the review here. I saw the whole movie by fast forwarding and ended in 25 minutes. though its a low budget movie it could have been made better. <br /><br />The movie starts more like a thriller and in few minutes it tells you that you should switch off immediately. And why was the movie named ""crash landing"" when it was landed so well in such a bad climate. <br /><br />Without any acting),-1.0
(,"I think that most people would agree with me if I were to say that the movie Alien pretty much set the bar for atmosphere. I've seen quite a few movies match that bar but none have ever exceeded Alien's eerie tunnels and darkened halls. The Cave is a film that tries very hard to reset the bar. I believe the trailer even mentioned something about being as scary as Alien yet not once throughout the movie did I ever feel even the slightest bit scared),-0.8333333333333334
(,"I was struck by the awful acting and script for this movie. All the characters seem rendered immobile by personal issues - rather like deer in headlights. They dither around whining and moaning about their emotions when decisive actions need to be taken. I found myself yelling at the TV screen trying to wake them up to their situation and DO SOMETHING! The plot line is implausible. Every time there is a key decision to be taken by a lead character),-0.6
(,"There are people out there who will greenlight anything! That is the only explanation I can offer as to why the House of the Dead movie exists. And that's only scary part to the whole movie. It's so bad you'll go off movies forever. I seriously wanted to switch this off and turn the TV over to the Paint Drying channel but I was bound by my word to suffer the whole thing. I don't know why I do these bad things to myself.<br /><br />As if it matters),-1.8
(,"i tried to sit through this bomb not too long ago.what a disaster .the acting was atrocious.there were some absolutely pathetic action scenes that fell flat as a lead balloon.this was mainly due to the fact that the reactions of the actors just didn't ring true.supposedly a modern reworking of the Hitchcock original ""Lifeboat"".i think Hictcock would be spinning circles in his grave at the very thought of it.from what i was able to suffer through),-1.8
(,"**SPOILERS** With the title of the film having the name of the killer fish twice not once you would expect to see them in action attack biting ripping and eating up almost everyone in the cast of characters. Instead you have to wait until the movie is almost over for you to get as much as a glimpse of the Piranahs. Even then all you see is the water bubbling and stirring around as a poor individual disappears under it assuming that he's being eaten),-1.3333333333333333
(,"**SPOILERS**Actually based on the novel ""The Brick Foxhole"" about a gay man who was murdered by a GI on leave because of his sexual orientation. The movie ""Crossfire"" is about a violently anti-Semitic GI who because of his own failures and frustrations in life takes it out on those of the Jewish persuasion. Whom he obviously feels threatened by.<br /><br />Getting himself tanked up at a local ginmill in D.C barley sober US serviceman Montgomrey),-0.75
(,"I did not watch the entire movie. I could not watch the entire movie. I stopped the DVD after watching for half an hour and I suggest anyone thinking of watching themselves it stop themselves before taking the disc out of the case.<br /><br />I like Mafia movies both tragic and comic but Corky Romano can only be described as a tragic attempt at a mafia comedy.<br /><br />The problem is Corky Romano simply tries too hard to get the audience to laugh),-0.75
(,"I watched this movie out of a lack of anything else on at the time. Quickly the movie grabbed me with the depth of the characters and subtle plot. I was quite surprised to see that the rating given by my satellite provider did not show any stars.<br /><br />I will not give any spoilers to the plot-line or outcome but most of the characters had at least some redeeming value. Until the very last minute I did not know how it would turn out. Frequently),-2.0
(,"Such a pretentious and lame attempt to hipness. Diabolical script and dialogue and truly embarrassing acting. Really the worse movie I have ever seen(at the cinema). Nothing in my opinion saves this movie from being a total disaster. I saw it when it came out in a cinema in Brighton. People were walking out and there were more people chatting outside the toilets than in the auditorium! At the end there were boos and scorn from the meagre crowd left),-2.25
(,"This is possibly the most boring movie in history. I was really looking forward to seeing this movie given the actor/director Roman Polanski. I think I would rather see the Three Amigos than ever watch this movie again. It promptly went from the DVD player straight into the garbage. My apologies to those of you who apparently liked this movie however you probably liked New Coke as well. I am at a loss to see why anyone would have enjoyed this movie),-0.2
(,"Nick Millard aka Nick Phillips should have left well-enough alone when he made ""Criminally Insane"" 10 years before the release of this god-awful waste of time and effort. The fact that the original ""Criminally Insane"" was less than an hour in length should have clued him into the fact that he had probably milked this storyline for all he was going to get out of it...but instead he opts to use TONS of footage from the original in this one as well),-1.5
(,"The Cat in the Hat is just a slap in the face film. Mike Myers as The Cat in the Hat is downright not funny and Mike Myers could not have been any worse. This is his worst film he has ever been in. The acting and the story was just terrible. I mean how could they make the most beloved stories by Dr. Seuss be made into film and being one of the worst films of all-time and such a disappointment. I couldn't have seen a more worst film than this besides),-0.4
(,"There have been many documentaries that I have seen in which it appeared that the law was on the wrong side of the fence - The Thin Blue Line and Paradise Lost come to mind first and foremost. But this is the first film that had me seething with anger after I saw it. It seems blatantly clear to me from the evidence presented in this film that what happened at Waco was at the very least an unprofessional and sloppy mess on the part of the FBI and AFI),-1.6
(,"i just saw this movie on TV..<br /><br />i've lost my dad when i was young and this movie surely did touch me..<br /><br />i can feel the lost that the little girl Desi felt..<br /><br />the feeling of wanting to see her father again..<br /><br />wanting to talk to him..<br /><br />or at least given the chance to say goodbye..<br /><br />and i'm so touched with the letter that was wrote back to her..<br /><br />saying that her father read her letter),-0.75
(,"Darcy and her young daughter Pamela are heading out to the country where her mum's boyfriend Peter left his doctor's position in the city to become a writer and fix up a bed and breakfast inn. Although this inn has a terrible past and Pamela learns from one the girl's who lives in the town that a deformed witch once reside in that house. They called her the 'Tooth Fairy' as she would kill kids after getting their last baby tooth. This work on the inn),-3.0
(,"FULL OF SPOILERS.<br /><br />This is a pretty fast and enjoyable crime thriller based on Ira Levin's play about two gay playwrights (Caine and Reeve) that plot the murder of one's rich wife (Cannon) to get the property and the insurance. The plot succeeds but Christopher Reeve as the younger and less established of the two writers decides to make a play out of the actual murder -- with only slight changes in the details. Reeve allows that Easthampton),-0.8
(,"I've read plenty of Jane Austen in my time and approve of several cinema/TV adaptations but this one we just don't need.<br /><br />Rating is a 2 as I wouldn't say it's awful just so boring you will feel like you've wasted 90 minutes of your life. Dull script matched by even duller acting. I've heard Billie Piper is OK in Dr Who (not a fan so can't confirm) but in this she just sucks. There is absolutely no chemistry between the leads. This is Austen),-0.6666666666666666
(,"It's hard to work up any enthusiasm for this awful cartoon-like epic that for some reason has become a cult classic. It certainly can't be because of the totally artificial look of the set designs or the limpid acting of an all-star cast. These days it's shown much too frequently on Fox Movie Channel or AMC.<br /><br />It pains me to report that veteran actors like Walter Pigeon and Joan Fontaine are even cast in this muddled science fiction travesty),-1.0
(,"One wonders how FLYNN could have failed so badly as a cinema release in 1997 with Guy Pearce aptly in the lead role. It is not often that the casting of someone so famous is so exactly right. FLYNN was a stumbler at the box office and did not end up on cinema screens in Australia...even after LA CONFIDENTIAL...! From a dazzling nude scene in the first few minutes (presumably by Guy Pearce) FLYNN gets off to a fairly robust and interesting start. Sadly),-0.25
(,"The Paul Kersey of DEATH WISH 3 is very far removed from the Paul Kersey of the original film . If you remember the 1974 film then you will remember Kersey was a "" Conchie "" during the Korean war and that he was physically sick after he committed his first execution . Ten years later Kersey seems to have learned unarmed combat and how to handle anti tank weapons in his spare time . But I`ll overlook that gaffe because DW3 is the best of the sequels ),-0.3333333333333333
(,"There is NO Esperanto in this movie<br /><br />I watched this movie specifically because IMDb lists Esperanto as one of the languages used. But IMDb is mistaken about the languages used in this film. There is absolutely no Esperanto at all. It's almost all English with a couple of words of Navajo. Do not watch this film if you're looking for Esperanto movies. Other options instead are ""Idiot's Delight"" (with Clark Gable) which has a bit of Esperanto),-1.5
(,"From time to time it's very advisable for the aristocracy to watch some silent film about the harsh life of the common people in order to remind themselves of the privileges and the comfortable life that they have enjoyed since the beginning of mankind or even before in comparison with the complicated and hard work that common people have to endure everyday since the aristocrats rule the world.<br /><br />And that's what happens in ""The Love Light""),-0.3333333333333333
(,"How could I best express my feelings about this movie: hideous? a headache? lack of coherent writing? plain stupidity? Try all of the above for this travesty. And that just for the direction.<br /><br />Story? Well I guess there is a story. Two dumb blondes look for a job after they crash a plane into a golf course. They are mistaken for a 'world renounced assassin' (sarcasm) and are 'hired' by two 'mobsters'. One thinks ""taking him out"" means a date),-1.2
(,"I almost made a fool of myself when I was going to start this review by saying "" This movie reminded me of BILLY ELLIOT "" but then I looked up the resume of screenwriter Lee Hall only to find out that he was the guy who wrote BILLY ELLIOT so it's Mr Hall who's making a fool of himself not me <br /><br />Am I being a bit cruel on him ? No because Lee has something most other aspiring screenwriters from Britain don't have - He has his foot in the door ),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I would rather of had my eyes gouged out with rusty ice picks than have had to sit through this abortion. There is no plot. There is no acting ability . Ray Liota has shamed himself and should be blacklisted from any more work. I am so sorry that the industry allows crap like this to be shown on any type of medium. <br /><br />Rumor has it that Maddona threw herself to the floor to break her other arm so she could be taken away on a stretcher. Actullly),-0.5714285714285714
(,"Not much to say other than plenty of Wire-fu and supposed Sholin monks ego-tripping about Kung-fu and caricature Japanese plotting to take over China. All of this would not be so bad if not for the utterly fake Japanese sword fighting. If you watched a Samurai movie or two you can tell that the ""Japanese"" fighting in the movie is simply the same ""Kung-fu"" (Really circus acrobats) stunt men doing the same things except with a Japanese sword. However),-3.0
(,"This latter-day Fulci schlocker is a totally abysmal concoction dealing with an incurable gambler (Brett Halsey) who decides Bluebeard-style to pay off his ever-rising debts by seducing some of the ugliest bitches you will ever lay your eyes on and who just happen to be wealthy widows! The Fulci-penned script also contrives to incorporate a few blackly comedic elements - which only result in some unfunny business involving a corpse which won't stay put),-1.25
(,"This movie has to rank with ""Welcome to the Jungle"" and ""The Hitcher"" and ""Dream Catcher"" for sheer god-awfulness. You've got the most irritating heroine in gore history who spends most of her time sobbing and wailing and shrieking--all the time in the most horrendous rest stop toilet ever put on film. Why she spends so much time in this ghastly bathroom from hell is never explained. Even when the usual killer truck driver is trying to murder her),-2.6
(,"A man brings his new wife to his home where his former wife died of an ""accident"". His new wife has just been released from an institution and is also VERY rich! All of the sudden she starts hearing noises and seeing skulls all over the place. Is she going crazy again or is the first wife coming back from the dead? <br /><br />You've probably guessed the ending so I won't spell it out. I saw this many times on Saturday afternoon TV as a kid. Back then),-2.3333333333333335
(,"It utterly defeats me why Godard is taken so seriously - and One Plus One is a great example of his ineptitude as both a filmmaker and an 'intellectual' polemicist. It's hard to credit that Godard actually believed all that Marxist and Maoist kant. Anyone with half a brain could work out the bankruptcy of those 'isms' and how many people they had destroyed and were continuing to destroy even as Godard was making his films supporting them. As a filmmaker),-0.6
(,"Where do you begin with a movie as bad as this?<br /><br />Do you mention the cast of unlikeable heroes? The over-the-top acting? The dreadful script?<br /><br />No. You just say that anyone who pays money to see a film as poor as this needs their head looking at. I know I do. I respect those poor guys who saw it with little or no advance word from mags like Empire (usually a bad sign if a preview copy isn't available to the quality movie mags). However),-1.7142857142857142
(,"A novel by Remarque. A cast that looks great on paper. A left-wing refugee struggling to remain in Paris between the wars. A Gestapo officer undercover.<br /><br />It's a pity there's no synergy here. The bits and pieces never coalesce.<br /><br />Stories about left-wing refugees in France don't have to be this dull. Read Arthur Koestler's memoir ""Scum of the Earth"" (if you can find it). Or his chilling ""Dialogue With Death"" (ditto).<br /><br />To me),-0.16666666666666666
(,"I own 2 home entertainment stores and I've seen a lot of bad movies in my time but this one was so bad it compelled me to register here and comment on it. How bad was it? Let's just say that Sofia Coppola deserved an Oscar for her performance in Godfather III when compared to Giada Colagrande's in this movie.<br /><br />It was robotic and uninspired. Her lover has just died one month prior to her arrival at the 'Rubber House' he had given her. Once there),-2.2
(,"This film reminded me so much of ""A History of Violence"" which pretended to be a close study of violence and violent behavior but ended up just being nothing short of a cheap action movie masquerading as some thinking film on violence. Dustin Hoffman and his new British bride move to a small English town and encounter endless harassment from the local drunks who do nothing but hang at the pub all day and make trouble. Don't these men have a job? Anyway),-3.0
(,"Bled is a very apt title for this As you watch it you will feel your life being bled from you . The cliché in horrors is about people doing exactly what they shouldn't ( going down into the basement or going up into the attic) Then the trouble ensues Take heed then DON'T watch this film .Show the brains that victims in horror movies never do Stay clear Do not enter .And if you need anymore incentive This film? is as bad as the worst Uwe Boll film I mean ),-2.0
(,"Camp Blood III is a vast improvement on Camp Blood II as it has sound mostly in the right places and a rudimentary plot. This time they've ventured slightly further away from the car park the other two movies were filmed in which is a good move as you can no longer hear cars driving past what is supposed to be a remote wilderness.<br /><br />This time around there's a reality TV show and a fake clown to scare off the contestants. This is hardly a new idea),-0.2
(,"It would help to know why it took so long for a book as movie-ready' as ""The House Next Door"" to be adapted for film or television. The book was copyrighted in 1978. One reason could be problems designing 'the house'. The house in this Lifetime film is really so ugly that I can't imagine anyone buying it. In fact it's so ugly that someone would probably have come and destroyed it as soon as it was built.<br /><br />I'm not crazy about horror genre books),-1.8333333333333333
(,"The only reason I haven't given this film an awful rating is because I feel that it was such an awful film in every aspect that it deserves at the very least a 2/10; for not trying. <br /><br />The plot is the least of your worries as you are slapped in the face with over the top language and scenes like 'the singing arse-hole' in a poor attempt to shock and disgust. Seen as the main aim of this film is to shock and the main body of it didn't achieve this),-1.1428571428571428
(,"This movie stinks majorly. The only reason I gave it a 3 was because the graphics were semi charming. It's total disregard for a plot and the lack of even insubstantial surface character development made it seem like just a bunch of nice drawings. This is by far THE worse anime that came out of Japan. I can't believe they actually put their names on this garbage. What a rip off selling this thing for $20. If you haven't seen this don't bother. If you have),-0.4
(,"How do you spell washed up fat Italian who can barely pull off a martial arts move without needing some heart medication? In this movie we see Steven Seagal at his lowest level of accomplishment- since his career started it has been a steady decline into pathetic over indulgent behavior that has scuttled his career. In this movie it looks like most of his training consisted of ordering the fetuccini alfredo at his restaurant every day.<br /><br />He is fat),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I remember this show from Swedish television. I was only 7 years of age and it scared me beyond belief.<br /><br />I would love to revisit this series and see if it was just as excellent as remember though i suspect my taste and demands have changed.<br /><br />Although this was released before alien and a plethora of other space-thrillers i suspect that it has its root in scary movies from the 50:s and the political climate of the 70:s. When i think of it),-0.14285714285714285
(,"This is certainly one of my all time fav episodes of Trek. There is just so much going on in this one film that its crazy cool. First the guys beam down to an alien planet thats about to explode. They meet a freaky librarian type dude (very well played). Then Kirk manages to get himself transported back to what is very much like 16th century earth. McCoy and Spock try to follow but instead nearly freeze to death on the frozen version of the alien world 100),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The Avengers held this dubious honor but no longer. The acting in ""Jill the Ripper"" is terrible and was only eclipsed by the plot. This movie is as intellectually stimulating as the Telletubbes. It doesn't know whether it wants to be an S&M flick or a really bad thriller. Only watch under extreme intoxication or if you're bed ridden and need a leather clad distraction. This script should be reworked into a porn),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I agree with what so many others have said about the shallow and offensive nature of this film's examination of racism. It is baffling to me that so many people seem to have been fooled by its pretentiousness. I want to comment on the Matt Dillon character as an example of what's most infuriating about this movie. Here we have a man who -- contrasted with the film's underlying message that ""we're all a LITTLE racist"" -- effectively rapes a woman in public),-0.2
(,"My paraphrase above of the slogan on the back of the DVD box sums it up: this film was far more horrible than horrifying.<br /><br />This is the worst film I have seen in as long as I can remember. My wife accidentally rented it thinking it was the Tom Cruise version. The laughably crude special effects on the menu screen should have tipped us off. The gratuitous nudity already in the opening scene made us more suspicious.<br /><br />But as the film wore on),-2.6666666666666665
(,"You may be interested to know that BARRICADE was viewed as a failure by the studio and shelved for a year before ALICE FAYE's popularity reached such a high that the studio decided to release the film despite the fact that it was never fully completed. It fared modestly OK at the box-office.<br /><br />Faye refers to a murder during her nightclub stint in New York City--and this scene was actually in the script and was the way the film was to start. Instead),-0.25
(,"Actually I'm still in doubt if there's anything about this movie I like. As for the story: unrealistic and very exaggerated. The acting was too bad in my opinion. Not very likely that Antonie Kamerling will get a Rutger Hauer status. Some folks will expect it anyway. First let him work on his English pronunciation. If you watch the 'trip' to Paris of these actors (DVD-extra) you will most likely want to trow up. Advice to Beau Dorens: stop your acting career),-1.0
(,"I really enjoyed this movie. It succeeded in doing something that few movies do now; it provided family values while entertaining me. Nancy Drew is a heroine for all generations and a role model for young girls to look up to. The little girls I was with throughly enjoyed the movie and kept talking about Nancy as we walked out of the theater. The movie has relatively few problems for families and I don't think parents will get bored sitting in the theater. No),-0.6666666666666666
(,"My partner and I sat down to watch this film over a bottle of wine last Saturday and although we initially had our reservations once the story got going it was in actual fact rather gripping. The scene in which one of the characters in brutally murdered by knitting needles was particularly shocking and echoed the work of Korean new wave auteur Park Chan Wook. The weapon of choice was a particular masterstroke and allowed us to see into the psyche of 'Granny'),-2.0
(,"Progeny is about a husband and wife who experience time loss while making love. Completely unaware of what this bizarre experience means they try to go on with their lives. The hubby begins questioning the bizarre event and gets help through a very annoying psychiatrist. He comes to believe that aliens are responsible for this lapse in time and that the unborn baby he once thought was his and his wife's actually belongs to the aliens.<br /><br />If ya ask me),-1.0
(,"This movie was released in all major cinemas in Australia. I watched the movie on the weekend of 7th AUG and I thought is was absolute nonsense (and I am using that word extremely litely). How it got released to every major cinema no idea. The plot seemed simple enough about the world being divided into subclasses and people needed identity cards and the actor Tim Robbins playing an investigator who goes to shanghai to investigate a employee stealing ID cards),-1.5
(,"This new installment to the Child's Play series has not one scary scene but tons of hilarious jokes such as a stoner witnessing Chucky giveing him the finger and saying ""rude f--king doll"" and lots of references to the series: ""you can kill me but I'll come back. I always come back"". The movie's title was probably thought of before the script and was written around it. This is totally different from all other films in the series. It doesn't even have Andy),-0.25
(,"Worst movie ever!! Its not clever or funny or thought provoking. 84 minutes of bad actors doing their best with an awful script.<br /><br />Acting was so bad that you can see the dead people breathing.<br /><br />Maybe the writer/director combination believed they were Quentin Tarantino or something (you know make a movie about nothing still cool) but failed miserably.<br /><br />I hope the writer never makes another movie EVER!! not everyone is born a writer),-0.2
(,"I didn't really concentrate on the larger Genocidal aspects of the story (although the horrific images at the beginning are very powerful). I was really taken with the human story of the girl and her family. Imagine living your life not knowing if you have a time bomb ticking away inside you. I was really wrenching to see Yasuko being rejected as ""tainted"" by the bomb. The image that stays with me most is when Yasuko stands before the mirror combing her hair),-0.75
(,"Tediously long dreary cinematic waffle. I couldn't believe how bad this film was. I watched it merely because of the numerous people who gushed about it on this site. Was I watching the same film? The entire episode is one-dimensional. Nothing that happened in Garps' past affected his (or anyone else's) future and no-one was affected by their past. I think it was Socrates who said about plays that if a scene can be removed from a play without having any effect),-1.75
(,"the real plot...<br /><br />A group of post-Civil War prostitutes seek alternative housing in FORT BOOM. Lacy Everett and a close-knit family of call girls have been eating date expired sausages for days and plan to move into the former Fort McMillian. Locals warn the women of eating more of the dated sausage. Because there is a vicious pyromaniac loose in the area and he refuse to shuttle them out to the property. When they finally arrive at their destination),-2.25
(,"... Said the continuity announcer as TACTICAL ASSAULT was about to be broadcast . After seeing the first two minutes I started thinking Rutger might want to get a new agent . After seeing the next ten minutes I started thinking Rutger might want to retire thereby saving a potential audience from any more of his performances <br /><br />Yup this is a truly terrible movie . I wasn't expecting much and why should I if the name Rutget Hauer appeared in the credits ),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Cute idea to have Dionne Warwick do the song vocals for this movie-adaptation of Jacqueline Susann's bestselling book (a la ""Valley Of The Dolls"")...although it's really too bad this sudser doesn't have Patty Duke's Neely O'Hara to spike the story. ""The Love Machine"" is unrelievedly dull. Even the final brawl (with an Academy Award as a fight prop!) can't save it. Dyan Cannon seems embalmed in her heavy pancake make-up and cumbersome fall (although her tiny),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I watched 40 minutes and couldn't bear it any longer  the television went off and I returned to some light reading ""Lobotomy for Beginners"".<br /><br />It was hard to say what aspect of this production was most displeasing - dialogue made up entirely of sound-bytes or the acting by numbers.<br /><br />It was difficult to determine the period in which the drama was supposed to take place. There were throw-away references to Lord Nelson and slavery but Edmund),-1.6666666666666667
(,"In answer to the person who made the comment about how the film drags on and who believed there was no purpose to the role of Jess's brother here is my response:<br /><br />The role of Jess's brother is to provide a form of dramatic irony in the story. Craig Sheffer/Norman could have foreseen the troubles associated with living life to the full by looking at how Jess's brother turned out. There are various instances where Brad Pitt and his lives run in parallel),-1.25
(,"Lucky me! I got a sneak peak at this pathetic little shot-in-Texas 'horror' flick from Artisan Entertainment a week before it hit video shelves and let me tell you...I've rarely laughed so hard in my life as I did watching this atrocious megabomb fly off the rails and steal the title of 'worst killer clown movie ever made' from the insufferably stupid Full Moon fiasco KILLJOY (I'm sure many of us horror fans have suffered through that one!) From all indications),-1.5
(,"The only good thing about this movie was the shot of Goldie Hawn standing in her little french cut bikini panties and struggling to keep a dozen other depraved women from removing her skimpy little cotton top while she giggled and cooed. Ooooof! Her loins rival those of Nina Hartley. This movie came out when I was fourteen and that shot nearly killed me. I'd forgotten about it all tucked away in the naughty Roladex of my mind until seeing it the other day on TV),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Unbelievably disappointed. The pace was slow. The characters unbelievable and throughout the film as a whole just let me feel bored and unfulfilled. There was no real plot that could keep you revolving around the film and keep you interested. The heist itself never offered any excitement and didn't seem very well though through.<br /><br />There was not enough depth or background to any character and Laurance Fishbourne's character was one I eagerly awaited for),-0.4
(,""" It had to be You"" is another sign that Hollywood is running out of ideas. This picture is about Charlie Hudson a former police officer turned Author. When Charlie's fiancé goes out of town he's stuck with all of the wedding planning. He spends a week at a fancy hotel and meets Anna Penn a teacher who just happens to also be getting married. The two quickly become friends and set out to plan their separate weddings together. This is when the plot gets boring),-2.5
(,"I realize most people don't know who Solomon Kane is and that the film is pitched at that much larger audience. But then why bother to call it ""Solomon Kane"" in the first place when the name has no marketable value? The characters certainly has NOTHING whatsoever to do with the R.E. Howard character. Except he has a big hat. That's where the resemblance ends.<br /><br />It's always a bad sign when any superhero/fantasy/sci-fi movie lingers over an origin story),-1.25
(,"Journey to the Far Side of the Sun is about the discovery of a planet on the other side of the sun which shares the same orbit as earth and therefore has been undiscovered until a space probe on the far side of the sun photographs it. Of course two astronauts (Roy Thinnes & Ian Hendry) are sent to explore it but due to a malfunction they crash & find themselves back on earth only 3 weeks into their six week journey. Of course they're berated (at least Thinnes is),-0.5
(,"Really. Does any week go by that Oprah doesn't remind us that she was abused as child?<br /><br />She makes herself the focus of every interview.<br /><br />Oprah cannot resist commenting on the answer to every question she asks. She often interrupts guests before an answer is finished to interject her own aside or anecdote. Directors are obviously instructed to focus on her closeup reaction rather than guest's faces because that's what counts - what Oprah feels),-2.5
(,"""Go Fish"" garnered Rose Troche rightly or wrongly the reputation of a film maker with much promise.<br /><br />Its then hard to understand how she could turn out a movie made up of stereotypes that one associates with inferior sitcoms. The entire film rings hollow. I cringed the whole way through.<br /><br />Its supposed to be a look into nineties human sexuality. Well not much more here to be learned than from ""In and Out"". By now most of us actually do know),-1.5
(,"For a movie that gained so much recognition and appraise this spinoff to ""Rosemarys Baby"" is one big mistake. It starts off that Andrew/Adrian whatever his name is because he's so confused that he doesn't know who he is anymore runs away from a cult with his mother and soon is kidnapped by a strange lady that ends up taking care of him as if she were his mother. The acting is terrible as Andrew grows up in his twenties and looks terrible with his sunken in face),-0.5714285714285714
(,"I had a bad feeling when I saw the cheap title work. It only took a couple of scenes to confirm that this movie is a real stinker! The only enjoyment I got out of this was to laugh at the technical flaws (example - the background ""car sounds"" audio just disappears during the scene with Danny and Dog in Dog's car). Production shows a total lack of imagination (example - slow motion machine gun fire repeats many times). Sandra Bullock plays essentially a bit part),-1.0
(,"I saw this movie on a westbound American Airlines flight. It was so bad it actually made the flight seem longer. The plot had potential (who wouldn't love a movie about a woman who accidentally kills every Elvis impersonator she meets?) but it got screwed up a million different times by really poor writing. Towards the end is an embarrassingly bad scene where a gang of Elvis impersonators is on the roof of a casino reshipping the sky thinking he's going to return),-1.7142857142857142
(,"yeah..that's what the station disclaimer states after the commercials for this show ""some scenes may be disturbing to some viewers"" .<br /><br />It is beyond disturbing. The validation of this whole display of ego framing and chauvinism is in the fact it is on the COMEDY channel. Yes..a comedy true and true. A JOKE. To see these 'playas' go through their rigid charade really spells out what is wrong with society. Especially the meat market bar scene. Both sides),-0.25
(,"I really enjoyed BG Seasons 1-3 and really couldn't understand those who didn't like it. But I can't defend this nonsense. Spoilers follow.<br /><br />The first problem is that the characters are now doing inexplicably stupid things on a regular basis: <br /><br />So if Starbuck thinks she knows where Earth is why not send her out in a Raptor? Would the Admiral accept the resignation of his third most experienced officer? Would the Quorum elect their newest member),-0.25
(,"I watched the movie ""The Flock"" because of the casting of Gere and Danes and because the story synopsis sounded interesting. This was one of the WORST movies I've seen in a long while (and I've seen some turkeys.) I've never posted online before but this movie was so awful I had to do so. I suppose the problems begin begin with the script which was so amateurish it's unbelievable. The story makes zero sense and the dialogue is so trite it's nauseating. Poor Gere),-2.5
(,"In this movie everything possible was wrong and I don't know why I bothered watching it until the end. It would have been more fun watching paint dry. For crying out loud I even liked D-Tox and it was much better than this. Here is the basic plot for you: A redneck gets bitten by snakes that hold the evil of 13 murderers and becomes an undead killing machine murdering teenagers that have zero personality. During the movie I lost hope when it didn't scare me at all),-0.8333333333333334
(,"This movie is a good example of the extreme lack of good writers and directors in Hollywood. The fact that people were paid to make this piece of junk shows that there is a lack of original ideas and talent in the entertainment business. The idea that audiences paid to see this movie (and like an idiot I rented the film) is discouraging also.<br /><br />Obsessed teacher (3 years prior) kills teenager's family because he wants her. For no reason he kills the mother),-0.6666666666666666
(,"well I'd probably agree with all the bad comments about this movie cos honestly i thought it was such a piece of crap i mean the actors had done a terrible acting job and the script was all terrible. Although the special effects wasn't a bit bad but i think the should have thought a lot harder than that. I mean how did Clara Bryant get successfully put into this film i mean she'd do a lot better if she looked a bit further and that goes the same with Kristen honey),-1.5
(,"Is this the movie??? Is this what Indians are trying to show?? I think this is one more effort from a sick-minded director to turn down Pakistani soldiers and in fact country....but what we Pakistani's know that we are always ahead of India in every part of our lives...not only in armed counters.<br /><br />Well...this is bad filmed as that of Border in early 1997...and director and writer just tried to overcome a shame of defeat in Kargil by Pakistani armed forces),-2.5
(,"The Invisible Maniac starts as a young Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) is caught by his strict mother (Marilyn Adams) watching a girl (Tracy Walker) strip through his telescope... Cut to 'Twenty Years Later' & Kevin Dornwinkle (Noel Peters) is now a physics professor who claims to have discovered a way to turn things invisible using a 'mollecular reconstruction' serum. However during a demonstration in front of his fellow scientists it fails & they all laugh at him),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Just saw this at the cinema. I haven't read the books. There is nothing new about this film at all. <br /><br />the bad guys seem to die with a couple of slashes no matter how many times our hero has been stabbed with a big sword he keeps on going looking the same (ish)! There are several action scenes but they are very fake. filmmakers seem to be under the impression that whenever they cant be bothered to choreograph a fight scene they just move the camera up close),-1.0
(,"Legendary Cameron Mitchell turkey about an actor/makeup man who is burned by the head of a studio when a drink is tossed in his face as he is lighting up a cigarette. Reduced to a scarred mess and wearing an eye patch Mitchell works at the Movieland Wax Museum . He also kidnaps and kills people using a solution which paralyzes them so he can turn them into displays. Genuinely bizarre bad movie that defies description. Watch as the various wax figures try not to move),-1.8
(,"The Concorde ... Airport '79 starts in Washington where a man named Carl Parker (Macon (McCalman) contacts high profile TV news reporter Maggie Whelan (Susan Blakely) in order to hand secret documents over that prove his boss Kevin Harriosn (Robert Wagner) owner & president of Harrison Industries that develop weapons for the military has been illegally selling said weapons to foreign countries. However Maggie sees Carl assassinated & she barely escapes with her life),-1.0
(,"This second full-length Lone Ranger feature doesn't measure up to the 1956 classic but is a fine film with enough rough and tumble action and moves along at a good clip. The Ranger looks into a series of mysterious murders which have a sinister pattern to them with peaceful Indians being the victims of a gang of hooded killers. There are more killings and violence usually associated with Lone Ranger adventures and the film has an undercurrent of racial insensitivity),-0.125
(,"..this movie has been done when Hitler ( and Mussolini who is as well in the movie) was at the top and many politics and even the Roman Church used to close eyes about brutality and evil of Nazism. Especially in USA there were many people who had not understood what was really going on in Germany and Europe ( Charles Lindenbergh for example ).It would be as today a big actor would made a parody of Berlusconi or Chirac. Chaplin maybe made a lot of mistakes in his life),-0.5
(,"Chan is in New York and he gets involved with an attempt to sabotage a new aircraft design.<br /><br />The war was over a year away from reaching America but the second world war was already raging everywhere else in the world and so it colored everything since most people probably realized that war was coming. Here the War isn't mentioned but the fact that the film deals with the production of planes at the very least alludes to it. The mystery itself is pretty good),-0.42857142857142855
(,"The group of people are travelling to Belgrade in an awful bus led by a drunk conductor and his dumb son (who likes to drive with his eyes closed). Their journey is frequently interrupted by many hilarious events which with much irony describe the fall of nation`s spirit in 1941 and are so funny that they are even today used as a common jokes. The man who ""steals the show"" is a peasant 4 feet tall with his 4 sons who are almost two times bigger than him. In the end),-0.4
(,"The problem I find with this title is that I am not sure if the director is trying to produce a documentary or movie. A blend of the two genres just doesn't work and that leaves the whole thing hung in the middle of nowhere. This is more so as the director has picked the most extremes of what is supposed to be happening around our everyday life making it an unconvincing documentary. If it is meant to be a thriller/drama this is too dull and monotonous. In either case),-2.0
(,"lets start off by saying that ""JAWANI DIWANI"" is just a pathetic movie. I agree with the last person who said ""I missed the joyride"". lol. <br /><br />The jokes were just terrible. Performances were average. Something went terribly wrong with the film. Emraan totally deserved something better. All CELINA JAITLEY did was expose. Hrishitta bhatt was OK. Emraan hashmi was OK too.<br /><br />MANN (EMRAAN HASHMI)is a desperate guy who wants to become famous. therefore),-1.2857142857142858
(,"this film was a major letdown. the level of relentless cruelty and violence in this film was very disturbing. some scenes were truly unnecessarily ugly and mean-spirited. the main characters were impossible to identify with or even sympathize with. the lead protagonist's character was as slimy as they come. the sickroom/hothouse atmosphere lent itself to over-the-top theatrics. little or nothing could be learned about the Spanish civil war from this film. fortunately),-2.4
(,"I'm not sure what the point of making this film was. It looked as if it was made by some historical society to be shown in your local 'Pistol Pete' museum. At first it appears that it could be the beginning of a Mad TV or SNL sketch. But then the joke is on you when there is no punchline and you realize that someone was taking this seriously. The story wasn't bad but the inclusion of the SASS members seemed to be a ploy (that worked) to get me to see the film. I swear),-1.0
(,"Saw this movie the first time while drunk at a motel in Canada. While flipping through channels came across the Easy Lube part. My friend kept flipping but I told him to go back. Something about the name easy lube just didn't sound right. Watched the rest of the movie it was pretty damn funny. Jotted down a couple of names from the credits and got home to look it up. Turned out to be Chevy Chase's first movie. I didn't remember him in it. Didn't remember much about it),-1.0
(,"I saw this obvious schlock fest on a video store shelf. And before i got my first VCR I figured I'd christen it with this little gem and it's bad film-making at it's finest!<br /><br />The dialog is inadvertently hilarious. And it contains a cameo with Donald Trump. Anthony Quinn is in it inexplicably. And much like Christopher Walken seemed to want to star in every bad movie in his later years. This movie is Mr. Quinn's Country Bears.<br /><br />It features lines like),-0.2
(,"Let's put political correctness aside and just look at this in terms of the numerous sex comedies that came out in the 1980's because I for one don't think this is any better or any worse than the others. Unless your some religious kook or an uptight female you can probably view a silly film such as this without getting all worked up about the content and I personally had a totally innocuous feeling towards this before and after watching it. Story is set in Albuquerque),-0.6
(,"So your bairns are away on a sleep-over ? The wife is visiting the mother in law? You though are at home. It's a dark and stormy night and there is no football on the telly and the dishwasher needs stacking? So now what are you going to do? <br /><br />I will tell you! <br /><br />Go make an old fashioned cocoa (Frys is best!)Get hold of some ginger nuts and sit down in front of the DVD. Now go select and play Arthur Askeys world war two thriller/horror The Ghost Train),-2.0
(,"This movie is the worst thing ever created by humans. You think manos is the worst movie ever? It doesn't even come close to this garbage. I dont even know where to begin. The ""russian"" commander and the rebel chic are the worst ""actors"" ever to appear in a movie. They make the sister in troll 2 look like Meryl Streep. The goofy faces the chic makes while she's in kung fu training have to be seen to be believed. Then there is the oompa music during the prison break),-0.7142857142857143
(,"Have you seen all the big adventures of last few decades? If you have don't bother with this one as you've already seen most of the scenes already - and I can guarantee that those scenes were originally in much better movies.<br /><br />The story (I'm sure that true storytellers will never forgive me) is childish and stupid (stupid in a way that making it play in a mortuary would result in a bunch of angry walking dead). Every character is based in a cliché and... well),-0.4166666666666667
(,"This movie completely ran laps around the original Dolemite. It had everything that makes a movie great..except for real actors. (Ernie Hudson couldn't do it alone and you KNOW that! LOL) I admit that I have killed my first video tape of this movie and I plan to buy the DVD version again as soon as possible! This movie has so many catchy lines it's pitiful! I am embarrassed to say that I know the theme song backwards and forwards! I love Jimmy Lynch's character to death),-1.1666666666666667
(,"A wonderful television mini-series completely ruined by a 45-year old woman trying desperately to pass herself off as a 16-year old ingenue! No exaggeration - that's the ACTUAL age of the character played by Ali MacGraw when the film opens just prior to the surprise attack at Pearl Harbor. This TV mini-series really is the most classic example of the title of this post and one I refer to whenever the topic comes up.<br /><br />That alone makes this completely unwatchable),-0.8
(,"Cobb. It sucked. I learned nothing about the man I had not heard before. The performances were over the top. A scene where Cobb and Al are driving down a snowy road in search of women in Reno has to be one of the worst conceived scenes in recent memory. It's just plain STUPID and unentertaining. The flashback sequences were terrible. And they used the same sequences OVER AND OVER AND OVER again. If I saw the same shot of Cobb fighting with someone at a base one more time),-3.0
(,"The previous poster obviously worked on the movie. It's a joke how bad it is and no one would review this kind of movie the way he did.Mentioning all of the actors' names and what they were in previously is a sure sign that he's involved with it in some way.<br /><br />It's on Cinemax right now and I was sure this was some movie where porn stars (the one called Ava is gorgeous and well-endowed) were forced to make something else for some crazy tax reason.<br /><br />Also),-0.5
(,"The thing about calling ""House of the Dead"" the worst movie of all time is that it's really not. There are worse movies out there. I watch alot of Hong Kong ninja movies that are basically the result of an unfinished Japanese police drama having footage of ninjas inserted at the end to create something that could technically be called ""a movie.""<br /><br />House of the Dead is however one of the worst films I've ever seen at the theatres. Walking out half way through),-3.0
(,"Well I had the chance to view this film the other day. I didn't know what to expect as I never saw the trailer and such... but what I did discover simply by watching the first 10 minutes is that this film is the worst I have ever had the misfortune to see.<br /><br />I wish I could give it this film a 0 rating. The first 10 minutes were bad but as soon as it goto the party scene I wanted to just enter a coma it was really poorly done. The actors didn't have any direction),-0.75
(,"I can't remember when was the last time I have been so terribly disappointed by any movie. Probably I expected too much happening (in a way you can expect action in dogma style movies of course). But there is just nothing going on in here. Luckily I was watching it at home and could switch channels whenever the silence and dumb/numb faces started to kill me. And that was very often! It really isn't too much of a pleasure watching ugly people who don't talk and move slowly),-1.6
(,"I couldn't relate to this film. I'm surprised that people are lauding it for being so 'realistic'. How many people at your school were victim to incest? How many closet homosexual jocks were there? How many quiet people that you never noticed committed suicide? Hmmm. OK you wouldn't know even if their were. But really these are explosive problems which many us never deal with. And yet there are so many teenagers with subtle problems which could have been explored. But hey),-1.5
(,"Jerk hazer Mike(David Zelina playing this college frat man as one major bastard you want to see die right away)and his college cronies leave hypoglycemic diabetic Sam(Caleb Roehrig)hanging on a wooden cross along with this scarecrow which is a legendary ghost story. They get PO'd at Sam who essentially goes into shock and aims a swinging punch at Mike that lands across his girlfriend Patty(Kristina Sheldon)instead so leaving the poor guy hanging is his punishment. Somehow),-1.8571428571428572
(,"When this film gets it right it really gets it right. And when it goes wrong... I'd say that a full 3/4s of the film is great. I can even isolate the bad bit. It's everything that has to do with the romance. Everything that you need to know about it is said in the first five minutes but it drags on for about 30. I'd recommend skipping that section if you can. It does nothing except explain his exile. It should have been a minor plot point quickly thrust aside. Fortunately),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This film is cringingly bad. You can tell that all the actors are embarrassed to be associated with such a truly terrible movie. There are obvious budget constraints but with a little thought and attention to detail the movie could have been so much better. For example: check out the scene where Mickey first goes to the mortuary and is talking to his friend the pathologist whilst the murdered taxi driver is lying on the slab. You can actually see the corpse breathing! What),-2.0
(,"This is an OK early 80's horror flick in which a young girl (Meg Tilly) is wanting to shed her ""goody two shoes"" image and becomes part of a girl gang called The Sisters. Their initiation for her consists of spending the night in a mausoleum. Too bad the mausoleum is the ""final"" resting place of some psycho Russian psychic and he's not quite dead yet. Seems this guy was found in his apartment with lots of things stuck into the walls from his telekinetic target practice),-2.6666666666666665
(,"This movie was one of a handful that actually caused me pain. It might be enjoyed by anybody who thinks that it would be funny to see his/her mother in a crowded discotheque full of people half her age ""inventing"" some totally ridiculous dance in a completely misguided effort to be ""hip"" (in the parlance of that age). To see Ingrid Bergman stoop to such a pitiful performance on the disco dance floor was hard to watch. I was embarrassed.<br /><br />To make matters worse),-0.4
(,"Time is precious. This film isn't. I must learn to ignore critics who rave about small films like Fargo and this complete waste of time.<br /><br />The theater was packed and everyone left with the same reaction: Is this the film the critics are raving about? What a piece of crap!<br /><br />The hook of this film is the upwardly mobile black daughter seeking out and finding her white trash family. Get it?<br /><br />The acting is superb.<br /><br />The production (lighting),-0.8
(,"Cannon pulled off a real visual beauty of a medieval epic that appears fascinating (except for the dragon prop). Now just how did the long-gone studio known for Chuck Norris movies ever come up with a complete lack of knowledge in the first place? Case in point: the amateurish acting and horrible plot is a sign that reviving the medieval legend is no cure for some lousy execution. They actually went on and made another cheap exploitationer featuring hundreds of lusty bimbos),-0.75
(,"A family of terrible people must remain in a house for a week or else they will lose their inheritance which will go to the servants who will only get their inheritance if they agree to stay on and keep the house in order. People die (and so will you if you try to sit through this) If you've ever had any desire to see bad actors- many with ill fitting dentures-act or attempt to act in a bad horror movie this is your chance. This is just awful. Its so bad I thought Al Adamson),-1.875
(,"I really do not have any clue as to why some people find the power rangers television show even remotely interesting at all. The costumes are completely ridiculous and the people playing in them also look completely foolish at the same time. There is absolutely anything remotely interesting about the power rangers. This is just a higher priced television commercial designed to sell extremely cheesy plastic garbage to the unsuspecting children around the world. From the notes),-0.25
(,"Minor Spoilers will follow.<br /><br />This movie is even more odd and unconventional than ""songs from the second floor"". There is no main character we follow around. There is no ""plot"" in the conventional way. There is no emphasis on an happy end. There is no crowdpleasing. In other words Roy Andersson is back with a vengeance. Instead of falling back on convention and fixed formula Roy Andersson concentrates his film around an idea. I will not go into what that idea is),-0.5714285714285714
(,"This is the last time I rent a video without checking in at the IMDB reviews. The Limey is directed by Steven Soderbergh who also wrote wrote the truly awful Nightwatch with Ewan Macgregor and directed such trash as Out of Sight with the anti-talented Jennifer Lopez. Terence Stamp is a fine actor and it is a shame he involved himself in such a bad film. There is frequent confusing editing that seems like it was a last minute decision in order to make up for the lack or story),-1.1428571428571428
(,"I would put Death Wish 3 in the same box as Stallone's Cobra and Commando. The box that I would sell for $2 at a garage sale with all the videos inside. The story is about the main character coming back from the previous movies' success to ruin it all with this load of trash. Why did the makers want to destroy the reputation of the past 2 films with this cheap junk. The story is so lame that had to be a outrageous sequel. I mentioned Cobra earlier because it has the same mood),-0.8
(,"Its too bad a lot of people didn't understand this and the next episode.<br /><br />But don't worry! ill explain it too you :)<br /><br />This episode is split in 2 parts.<br /><br />first part is Tony's ""Dream"" in his coma. Second part is what happens in real life.<br /><br />now what people didn't understand is that Tony's dream is more then just a dream. in this episode its about his preparation for his Death. He loses his own identity and eventually even forgets himself),-1.3333333333333333
(,"*****SPOILERS*********<br /><br />This movie was truly awful. This woman deceives her employers right from the start and then selfishly proceeds to tear them apart. At the end you see her making a profession out of the trade she'd learned from the father of her ""pupil"". I put pupil in quotes because the governess never really seems to teach the child anything. She seems to hate her and can't stand being near her. I felt sorry for the little girl who simply wanted to be loved),-1.0
(,"I found this a bit hard to follow to the extent that it seemed to dip in the middle while I tried to make head or tail of who was fighting who and why. One of the problems is the cultural/language one. Here we have a Chinese/Taiwanese/Japanese problem of which we know little and because we are simply reading English subtitles inevitably loose some of the subtleties. Another problem is that there seem to be just too many only half explained twists and coincidences. Nevertheless),-2.0
(,"Slaughter High the tale of revenge by a nerdy guy who fell victim to one of the coolest and coldest jokes in cinema history. Unfortunately after the promising opening the flick went straight to hell. A very tedious and redundant mess with mediocre slashings and a final half hour that sucked on a whole new level of suckiness. The guy who played the nerd actually killed himself shortly after the flick was released. If you wanna rent the flick stop it after the prank and remember),-1.1428571428571428
(,"Fairly interesting exploitation flick in black and white written by David F. Friedman. The lead actress Stacey Walker is well-cast and strangely attractive. She resembles a deranged Renee Zellweger with a bad hair-do. This chick only made two of these films and then moved back to Texas. The music is terrible. One of her boyfriends is played by Sam Melville (from the TV show THE ROOKIES) using a different name.<br /><br />Best line in the film from Tony - ""Are you putting me on),-0.6666666666666666
(,"How could 4 out of 16 prior voters give this movie a 10? How could more than half the prior voters give it a 7 or higher? Who is voting here? I can only assume it is primarily kids -- very young kids. The fact is that this is a bad movie in every way. The story is stupid; the acting is hard to even think of as acting; the characters are characterless; and the dialogue is terrible. I saw this one rainy afternoon on the Sci-Fi channel. In the sad event that it is ever rebroadcast),-1.75
(,"I couldn't stand to watch very much of this crap. This is your standard junk that certain annoying women love- old English era drama with lots of costumes and cliché characters that seem to be plucked from either directly from oliver twist or some other dickens novel. This uses the usual clichés from the Victorian era. Certain idiotic people really think that the whole emotional torture of that culture being so bloody repressed is somehow fascinating and romantic. This is sap),-1.3333333333333333
(,"JESSICA: A GHOST STORY is as the name implies a ghost story. The theme is meant to be horror but comes across closer to comedy!<br /><br />A woman comes who was brutally murdered comes back from the dead. This constitutes what this movie attempts to pass off as a plot. There is really nothing more to it. The movie comprises of a series of loosely connected scenes involving a guy who had an affair with this woman prior to her death.<br /><br />Immediately from the opening scenes),-1.0
(,"Prof. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) discovers Radium X--a powerful force to be used for atomic power. Unfortunately Rukh has been contaminated by the Radium and starts to glow in the dark--and his touch causes instant death. Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) develops an antidote--but Rukh starts to go mad due to the Radium AND the antidote and sets out to kill all he believed wronged him.<br /><br />The plot is silly and the ""effects"" that make Karloff glow in the dark are laughable),-1.4
(,"This is the start of a new and interesting Star Trek series. It has a ""down to earth""-kind of feel with darker and less ""plaggy"" scenography.<br /><br />The characters need some more time to develop but they have potential. One thing that is fairly disappointing (with all Star Trek series really) is that they portray such a gloomy picture of the equality between men and women in the future when they paint a very positive picture about everything else. (Earth has stopped war),-0.5
(,"Another French film with absurdity. Baise-Moi(F*ck Me) tells the story of two young women who come together to kill and f*ck. One of them is a porn star who escapes from her community after being raped and killing her boyfriend. Second one is a hooker who kills her flatmate and sees her boyfriend being shot dead. After those incidents they meet at a tube station(both misses the last train)then the whole thing starts. They find a bound and come very close. They abuse men sexually),-2.6
(,"Once upon a time in the mid 1990s I used to write for DOCTOR WHO fanzines and the whole of fandom was holding its breathe about the new American produced DOCTOR WHO TVM . As soon as it was announced that the Doctor`s arch enemy the Master was going to be played by Eric Roberts everyone scratched their heads and exclaimed "" Who is Eric Roberts ? "" . I should point out this was before the IMDB came online when all you had to do was type in a name into this website to their resume ),-2.0
(,"Terrible movie. Just terrible. The start of this movie is like something out of a bad women in prison movie. Then it moves on to being a B-movie version of Aliens. B-movie in this case meaning the addition of gratuitous sex-scenes and women in lingerie. Oh and a lot of the footage is the exact same as used in two other movies by the same company (including the women in prison schtick). The only thing saving this movie from a 1/10 is that I have actually seen worse movies. Not many),-1.6
(,"This DVD will be treated with indifference by mllions of classic rock music devotees across the world because Rush just aren't cool. It is a shame that Rush have had to overcome sneering disdain from the majority of North American and British music journalists over their thirty odd year history as this has deprived many people the chance to get into a real band.Each of the last four decades are well represented here and what a catalogue of songs it is! We have the seminal ""2112""),-1.2
(,"This movie was childish in its writing and laughable in its visual effects. Scenes where Father Merrin is tossing in his bed and his glimpses of a gimpy native are signs of bad acting and poor imagination. Nothing seems to fit. The story jumps from scene to scene. The elementary writing leaves no fact to the imagination and leaves no room for suspense. The lady doctor at one point states that she thinks the town is going to ""explode soon"" from all the crazy happenings. There was),-1.8333333333333333
(,"I won't reiterate what so many others have said about this film; I'll try to add a few new points. The Coolio-as-vampire bit is a nod to fans who are familiar with his turn on the Blondie song ""No Exit"" in which he assumes the role of a rapping vampire (it actually works as a musical concept and is in fact a great song). Casper Van Dien is no worse than Brad Pitt and is actually more handsome. And really what does anyone go to a Brad Pitt movie for other than eye candy? Same here),-0.3333333333333333
(,"One has to wonder if at any point in the production of this film a<br /><br />script existed that made any sense. Was the rough cut 3 hours<br /><br />long and was it trimmed into the incoherent mess that survives? <br /><br />Why would anyone finance this mess? I will say that Tom<br /><br />Wlaschiha is a good looking young man and he does what he can<br /><br />with the dialogue and dramatic (?) situations he is given. But<br /><br />characters come and go for no apparent reason),-0.25
(,"Salvage is the worst so called horror film I've ever seen. There is nothing remotely horrific about it. It doesn't deserve to be in a genre so fine. First of all i don't see how so many people can think this piece of crap such a great movie. If I wrote something as boring and utterly ridiculous as this i would be laughed at and too embarrassed to subject others to the stupidity of it. Second: the acting is terrible and the lead actress is excruciatingly ugly. Third: the story sucks),-1.9
(,"The film ""Chaos"" takes its name from Gleick's 1988 pop science explanation of chaos theory. What does the book or anything related to the content of the book have to do with the plot of the movie ""Chaos""? Nothing. The film makers seem to have skimmed the book (obviously without understanding a thing about it) looking for a ""theme"" to united the series of mundane action sequences that overlie the flimsy string of events that acts in place of a plot in the film. In this respect),-0.5
(,"A man kicks a dog 2' in the air.<br /><br />A woman kicks a cow out of her bed.<br /><br />A man kicks a violin down the sidewalk.<br /><br />A woman sucks on a statue's toe for 15 seconds.<br /><br />A man kicks a blind man in the stomach.<br /><br />Jesus rapes a young girl.<br /><br />There you have it. I just saved you an hour of your life. Surely there are those to whom this ""shocking vanguard of cinematic expression"" would appeal. But I found it no different from the puerile),-1.0
(,"Everybody I talked to said that this movie would be good and really weird so I figured that I would rent it. Half way through the movie I was thinking to myself what the heck was going on and what is the point to this movie. This movie from start to finish is so bad that even the sick parts of the movie didn't even bother me. I mean what are they going to come up with next Volcano 2 The return of the lava. I mean come on this movie is so stupid the characters are so poorly developed),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I will be short...This film is an embarrassment to everyone except its cinematographer. The very fact that it is a critique of the sex tourism industry seems valid until we are ""treated"" to a lingering dance scene. The plot is ridiculous no one except the most ardent fan of BAD horror will get anything out of it. And for the love of God please stop saying this film is a tale of innocence lost or even of female empowerment because it is quite clearly not (childish fumbling lesbians),-0.2727272727272727
(,"I would label this show as horrendous if it weren't for the fact that it's on the same network as Arrested Development. Because it is on FOX and getting renewed while AD got cancelled. <br /><br />It is absolutely beyond words how atrocious this show actually is. But let me try and describe it. Take an extremely low rate Archie Bunker and have him spout out humor that would have been out of date if it were on Married with Children. Then take great plot lines from AD (son has an ugly),-0.25
(,"... but you probably have seen it or else you wouldn't be here. It's so obscure that you probably stumbled onto it like I did because this little known gem receives no word-of-mouth.<br /><br />From the very beginning you know how the storyline will shake out but watching as our innocent redheaded nurse puts the pieces of the puzzle together is high quality entertainment. Most horror films bombard viewers with graphic displays of torture but Don't Look in the Basement plays it subtle),-1.0
(,"An imagination is a terrible thing to waste ... especially when you have talented actors. Writer/Director Jones wastes no time in siding the viewer with his protagonist. <br /><br />Anyone who has shared an apartment with a slob will be crying with laughter. Anyone who has arrived while a meter maid places a ticket on your windshield will just plain cry. We've all wanted to rip a terrible toupee off a man's head. These are only snippets of what's in store when watching ""Cross Eyed""),-1.5
(,"The Regard of Flight and the Clown Bagatelles as performed by Bill Irwin are some of the funniest (both in terms of physical comedy and verbal and visual gags) performances I've ever seen. My father taped this special when it first aired in the 80s and my family has loved it ever since. We quote it back and forth fairly constantly. It's a crying shame that copies are not readily available for purchase. I have a bad VHS copy that I acquired from a specialty distributer a few years ago),-0.6
(,"This really is by far the worst movie I've ever seen in my whole life (I'm approaching 47)! The description on the back of the cover equaled the scrolling text right at the begin of the movie. The further plot was nil and even a bunch of corpses would have shown more life in their ""acting"". I viewed the full length of it and was really relieved when the final character's death signalled the end of my suffering! The location was either some kind of vaults or a grimy beach. I suppose),-0.25
(,"Another entry in the ""holiday horror"" category that fills the shelves of your local video store. The *spoiler* ""wronged nerdy teen taking revenge on the 'cool' kids who wronged him"" plot will of course be familiar to those who've watched it before. And those who've seen it before will probably watch it again; those who are expecting Ingmar Bergman and will subsequently become indignant about their wasted time should just skip it. Marilyn Manson on the soundtrack and David Boreanaz),-2.0
(,"I went to this movie expecting an artsy scary film. What I got was scare after scare. It's a horror film at it's core. It's not dull like other horror films where a haunted house just has ghosts and gore. This film doesn't even show you the majority of the deaths it shows the fear of the characters. I think one of the best things about the concept where it's not just the house thats haunted its whoever goes into the house. They become haunted no matter where they are. Office buildings),-0.8181818181818182
(,"The Nun is a revenge picture whereby a very strict nun is killed by her rebellious trailer trash charges and comes back years later to get even when the now adults visit their old school. Story line is predictable in spades and will hold no surprises as it slowly winds its way to the end. It is a screamer of a movie with passable acting and a below average script and screenplay. Much of the special effects are low grade and there is almost zero believability in the final battle. Still),-2.0
(,"Unfortunately this original mix of action and laughs is kept from cinema fans as it sits rotting in the Columbia vaults for all eternity. A shame since this may be Jack Starrett's strongest film and features a witty script by a young Terrence Malick and fully realized performances by its two leads Stacey Keach and Frederic Forrest who turn to a life of crime so they can get the money to open a seafood restaurant. Many standout scenes include interrogation by bathtub and electric razor),-0.5
(,"What to say about this movie. Well it is about a bunch of good students who have some bad drugs and turn into delinquent students that sell more of the bad drugs to people. Two of those people have adverse effects as one turns into a toxic avenger type and his girlfriend throws up some creature that grows in the school's basement. That is about all there is to it and they stretch it out for 84 minutes. This movie is pretty bad and should be locked away forever. Though that is not fair),-0.5
(,"Who were they kidding with this? There was just too much in this film that was hard to digest. Right from when Arjun (Ajay Devgan) unknowingly wishes death on his father to when he arrives in London with his uncle(played by Om Puri) only to abandon him minutes later. The only problem with that theory is that anybody who has ever passed through London Heathrow knows that such a fête would be impossible to pull off and especially not by an Indian. But the film problems do not end there),-1.3333333333333333
(,"First of all i'd just like to say this movie rawked more than any of the recent crap that hollywood has cooked up out of its bowels. McBain is a true action film with more violence than most viewers can handle. It has all of the classic elements of a late 80's/early 90's action film....the random gratuitous acts of violence (ie. when Walken and crew go in to confront the drug dealers to get money they just show up and kill them rather than letting them live and just taking their money)),-1.3333333333333333
(,"I just finished watching the 139 min version (widescreen) with some friends and we were blown away. I won't bother repeating what others have said. What the filmmakers do with the concept is unexpected and fun. The huge battle is exhausting. Afterwards we were stunned to find there was still nearly 30 minutes left to go but that didn't keep us from being completely involved and entertained.<br /><br />There is one thing that nearly ruined it and that was the horrific music/songs. Blues),-1.5
(,"This is a film that had a lot to live down to . on the year of its release legendary film critic Barry Norman considered it the worst film of the year and I'd heard nothing but bad things about it especially a plot that was criticised for being too complicated <br /><br />To be honest the plot is something of a red herring and the film suffers even more when the word "" plot "" is used because as far as I can see there is no plot as such . There's something involving Russian gangsters ),-1.5
(,"I disliked this film intensely and left during the scene where the loyalist gang are shot up by the British. The film effectively blames the people of NI as being the cause of their own troubles. It suggests that the 25 year war was a question of intransigence and nothing to do with Britain's partition of Ireland and domination of its history i.e. NI was created by Britain in 1921 irrespective of the wishes of the rest of Ireland.<br /><br />The characters are portrayed as hapless fools),-0.8333333333333334
(,"Imagine if you will an alternative universe where someone has made SEVEN where instead of a talented cast and crew they've cast a politically conscious environmentalist and a stand up comedian as the leads . If your imagination can't stretch that far just watch THE GLIMMER MAN as it's the next worse thing <br /><br />!!!! MILD SPOILERS !!!!<br /><br />Jack Cole is a cop with a hidden past and it's very ironic that he's played by Steven Seagal since he's also someone witrh a hidden past ),-2.0
(,"Jack Frost 2. THE worst ""horror film"" I have ever seen. Why? 1)The premise is WELL beyond ridiculous 2) The damn thing doesn't even have legs to move on! 3) It escapes AFTER being completely submerged in Anti-Freeze (first film) 4) Get this...It travels all the way across an ocean of SALT WATER to a TROPICAL island to get revenge on the sheriff that did him in the first film. 5) ""Killer Snowballs"". I have yet to be drunk enough to see ""Ginger Dead Man"" so as of the writing of this),-2.5
(,"the actors cannot act. all dialoague was plagued with bad accents and loss of character. Channing Tatum never moves his lips or changes his facial expression... EVER.<br /><br />the story is nothing new at all. some kid from the street gets involved in a professional world of dance and it turns his life around. that coupled with the whole incident involving the little kid is taken straight from You Got Served and Save the Last Dance (I'm not saying that those movies were any good either),-0.5
(,"A struggling actor finds the best way to break into Hollywood is to start knocking off the competition. But what makes Break a Leg a real gem is the sardonic look into the existence of the struggling (and not so) LA actor. It brings us into that world with effortless irony and wit. It's also got a polished look and very adept direction under Monika Mitchell. Break a Leg is one of those rare independent films that doesn't compromise its production values at any level. The writing is tight),-0.5
(,"The only reason I bought the DVD was to satisfy my curiosity about the scene when Liz (Kim Basinger) strips to the music of Joe Cocker: You Can Leave Your Hat On! That was the best part of the whole film. Not because the scene was any good; only the song. I am not saying it was a terribly bad film just not that good. Disappointingly so!<br /><br />Especially when the exploration of male and female sexuality could have been expanded upon. Instead of expanding on the dangerous side of lust),-0.5
(,"I felt that way when I saw the episode in its original run and still agree when I watch it on reruns. You had the culprits totally mocking Columbo throughout the episode and treating him like he has down syndrome. And in the end you see their shock when Columbo gets them dead to rights and arrest them. You also get a realistic reaction from the arrogant preppy killers. They stillcouldn't give Columbo his props and say he just got lucky. I like the formula where there is an elaborate crime),-1.0
(,"I think I agree that a lot of the comments here must be fake. Even if the movie is not necessarily bad its definitely below average. ""Dark Remains"" is basically a Ghost Movie with a premise of your own ghosts and bad emotions haunting you. The movie starts off already with 2 stories loosely inter-webbed which even later are not tied together. A couple loses its child which is found slashed in its bed. They move to a country house to flee their past and guess what... the house is haunted),-1.3333333333333333
(,"TV newscaster Kimberly Wells (Jane Fonda) and her radical camerman Richard Adams (Michael Douglas) are at a nuclear power plant when a serious accident happens. The plants managers play it down but Adams has filmed it all. Wells and Adams try to get it on the air but the corporation that runs the plant prevents it. Plant executive Jack Godell (Jack Lemmon) realizes there are serious problems and tests have been falsified. He tries to get executives to believe him--only they know it. Wells),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Well you take O.J. Simpson as a all american soldier turned all american bus driver who decides to rescue his passengers on his own just incase no one else is going to and Arte Johnson in an absolutely straight role as the tour guide who doesn't know what to do but doesn't want to admit they are in trouble and combine it with Lorenzo Lamas as one of three baby faced bad boys who intend to kidnap an heiress and leave a busload of people to die on the dessert and you have got to have action),-0.7777777777777778
(,"""Lies"" tells about an affair between an 18 year old bucktoothed female student and a scrawny 38 year old married man with the pair of protags spending about half the screen time engaged in naked sex and hokey whipping and the other half meandering through the pathetically naive storyline which seems little more than an excuse for the sex scenes. With very poor production value including obvious sanitary appliances and phony softcore sex to a story which is a messy mix of comedy and drama),-1.0
(,"Most of the criticism of ""Attack of Show"" is from people who are unfairly comparing it to an old computer TV program called ""The Screen Savers."" People are upset because G4 decided to cancel the ""Screen Savers"" and replace it with the pop culture based ""Attack of the Show."" To compare the two shows is like comparing apples to oranges!<br /><br />""Attack of the Show"" is a unique hour long program that covers current Generation X/Y culture. It features segments on movies/television),-0.75
(,"The fact that this film was put out on DVD still formatted-to TV and with a fuzzy picture really annoyed a lot of film purists......and rightly so. This deserves a lot better treatment.<br /><br />The story is about a street performer who needs a son to pass on his craft (the rules of the day) and winds up with a little girl instead (not the conventional way) ....and the problems that ensue afterward. The old man had bought the kid at a slave auction and soon discovers the kid is not a boy),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This isn't as violent as I was expecting which makes the violent scenes appear all the more brutal and effective.<br /><br />There are a lot of twists and turns and back stabbing and double crossing all the way through the film making it hard to know who's side a particular character is on.<br /><br />The plot is pacey with some good dialogue and character development and gives an interesting view of the workings of the Triad gang it follows.<br /><br />The violence when it comes is brutal),-0.8333333333333334
(,"Not much to say other than it is simply a masterpiece. this film contains a myriad of messages that all should take to heart. especially- women do not squelch your man's dreams -honor them -that's why you loved him in the first place! Those who plan for death will live in the grave. Those who carpe diem will awaken those who live in fear. Even our Lord spoke of this when he chastised the the one who buried his talent in fear that he might make a mistake and displease the Master. Take a risk),-1.0
(,"WHAT WAS HE THINKING?!?!?! How sad an actor as tremendously talented as Michael Rapaport- who stole our hearts in ""Mighty Aphrodite"" and fascinated us in ""Ill Town""- has sunk to this pathetic level. The writing on this sitcom is the crust left on the bottom of the barrel after it has been scraped. Shame on all involved. There is a trend: major movie actors that are no longer hot merchandise are turning to TV- often with disastrous results (reference the stinkaroos on CBS and NBC; however),-1.0
(,"Hayden Christianson and Jessica Alba two of my least favourite actors of this century team up in what is quite possibly the flattest attempt at remake the already dire The Butterfly Effect. Awake is so dull and so utterly uninteresting that you'd be better off asleep. Terrance Howard still recovering from the diabolical August Rush puts up a decent fight as the sadistic doctor who seems hell bent on killing Christianson and after viewing his performance I would gladly assists.<br /><br />Alba),-1.8333333333333333
(,"I wasn't aware of Steve McQueen in 1958. I only knew that I was extremely frightened about going to see this film. (I'd been devastated by the movie ""Trantula"" at age seven . . . but I was ten now). The 1st scene where the Blob crawls up the farmer's probing stick and engulfs his hand was enough to make me want to leave the theater. But I stayed and suffered through each of our monster's attacks. I felt such horror when Steve and his girl barely made it out of the doctor's office (poor doc)),-1.2
(,"I went to the cinema to watch a preview of this film without knowing anything about it. Recognizing Jennifer Lynch's name and seeing the 18 certificate I realised it might be disturbing. In actuality I found the film a farce. I found myself giggling in disbelief through parts of it. The acting is atrocious- Bill Pullman and his ridiculous twitching face. I do almost pity the actors though as the script offers them no chance of any believable character interaction. After some shocking incident),-1.2
(,"I've never watched a file in a language I don't understand just because I wanted to see the movie and I couldn't find it with English subs. I don't know how much I missed but it wasn't much. Probably just specific details which sounds silly until you see the emotional level of this movie and how the characters interact together. I want to mention to The Diceman from Germany there's no reason to feel that he 'sucks' when it comes to commenting on the emotional strength of the film. Like I said),-0.2
(,"If you want to be cynical and pedantic you could point out that the opening where a RAF Lancaster bomber is mortally wounded on the 2nd of May 1945 is somewhat unlikely since German air defences were as lively as Adolph Hitler on that day but this isn't a movie that should be viewed by a cynical audience and I guess a character being killed in literally the last hours of the war adds to the poignancy . In fact you'd have to have survived the second world war to fully appreciate the intellect ),-0.4444444444444444
(,"The brilliance of this movie is that even a competent dentist is pretty scary. It's one of man's primal fears. This movie is the nightmarish image every kid has to go through in the waiting room. Corbin Bernsen gives a surprisingly non-lackluster performance as a crazed dentist who I guess tries to kill people but he only works on their teeth so it's not really working out. In a particularly gory scene we find so-so actor Earl Boen having his teeth completely destroyed with drills and whatnot),-0.75
(,"A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia. Extremely well done and Polanski performs well as the diffident introvert trying hard to adapt to his dingy Paris lodgings and his fellow lodgers. Horrifying early on because of the seeming mean and self obsessed fellow tenants and horrifying later on as he develops his defences which will ultimately be his undoing. Personally I could have done without the cross dressing element but I accept the nod to Psycho and the fact that it had some logic),-0.4
(,"Here again is yet another Diane Lane movie where she cheats on her husband. Is this the only role she knows how to play? This time it's set in 1969 and she cheats on her husband with the blouse man. I am so not surprised because that is so very predictable. Then her husband gets mad and throws the milk. I wouldn't be surprised if she slept with the milkman as well. I wouldn't be surprised if she slept with the ice cream man too because this is a very boring movie. Then after some milk throwing),-3.0
(,"It came by surprise. . .the impact & resoloution this film had on my automatic way of being reactive to people & situations. Most vividly was the stirring of the emotion anger. Much like the way a spoiled child would be when reacting to not getting their way. . .a temper tantrum if you will. Thinking I was hiding this anger from others was the most ridiculous farce of all. What was this costing me? Soooo much love. . .sooo many blessings. Now I'm present to how incredible humbling myself feels),-1.2
(,"They probably should have called this movie The Map because the majority of the whole stupid film is revolved around a map of a cemetery. Not to mention how many of the same boring shots of the map there are. The only thing they show more than the map itself is the little beads of sweat that is constantly building up on the forehead of our main character. This of course was the film makers way of showing us how incredibly tense things are getting up on the Immortal Hills Cemetery. Come on now ),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I have just written a comment to ""ACES HIGH"" (1976) and that remind me of this film which I watched as kid when it was released; since then I have watched it only once and that was more than enough. As Kevin well says ""it is a complete waste of time"". Apart from the dog-fights which are nicely done the rest is a sequence of badly patched scenes with actors struggling with a lousy script and equally lousy direction. I do not remember the silly German accents mentioned by Kevin in his comment),-1.75
(,"The information contained in this movie is somewhat familiar to many who have been paying attention to the news lately. The Walter Reed scandals show a small part of the fact that we are not doing a good job taking care of our injured heroes when they return.<br /><br />What this movie further shows is a truth common to all wars. The psychological trauma that soldiers suffer while engaging in war and the difficulty they have when returning to civilian life. They are not just changed or affected),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Model Chris McCormack (Margaux Hemingway) is brutally raped by a teacher (Chris Sarandon) of her sister Kathy (Mariel Hemingway). He is brought to trial but goes totally free. He then rapes Kathy!<br /><br />Objectionable and sick rape film. This movie was advertised as an important drama dealing with rape. What it is is a badly written and (for the most part) badly acted drama. It purports to be sympathetic to the victim of the rape but shoves the scene in our face. To be totally honest however),-1.4444444444444444
(,"This mess is so bad it doesn't even qualify as horror. <br /><br />Debbie Rochon's talent is completely wasted in this film. She is not even the villain. The rest of the actors look like porno wannabes and the plot is so lame I won't even mention it.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor and skip to the end credits to hear upcoming band TwoMarlowe perform ""Better Than Sex"" it's total 80's Disco candy song. Nice up tempo song about Gambleing & Sex. Way more entertaining than ""Bleed"". Put it this way),-0.42857142857142855
(,"Tony Curtis and Skip Homier both are wearing black with white trim canvas shoes in the scenes just before and after the swimming pond and the tank being blown up. Must have been too hard on the young stars feet.If the real Marines had been on the mission they would have been wearing boots. IN the first scenes they took off their leggin's just before starting out on their little trip to find the Farmer. When they went to the area where they dug the fox holes Tony and Skip are wearing combat boots),-1.0
(,"...am i missing something here??? ""unexpected plot developments""? ""plot twisting with subversive glee""? are these viewers watching the same Arquette vehicle to which i just subjected myself (in an now-obvious sub(un)conscious bout of sadomasochism)...I just joined this site simply to make sure that no one else ever rents this stinker...this movie was an embarrassment to every single person involved...quick question: did Sir Stevie read the script before he gave the thumbs-up to Kate C.? if so),-0.8
(,"Because that's what Hell Ride pretty much is. Larry Bishop and Tarantino partying on the Weinstein's money with the promise to deliver a movie sometime down the line. I'm all for fake boobage and booze as much as the next guy but did we really need the movie? Really there's nothing worse than the reheated second-hand leftovers of an old trend. And I'm not even talking about 70's grindhouse cinema because Hell Ride has none of the raw and unpolished feel of the era it purports to pay homage to. No),-1.0
(,"From 1950 comes a neat thriller about a couple smuggling diamonds from abroad and also the contagious disease smallpox. Evelyn Keyes pulls out all stops as the essential victim of this film-noir. Once back in the United States she is not aware that she could be spreading the disease on everyone and everything she comes in contact with. Eventually she is pursued and must be stopped before an epidemic occurs. Other than Keyes striking performance there is good support from villainous Charles Korvin),-0.16666666666666666
(,"I am a lover of bad movies. I own ""R.O.T.O.R."" and ""Boa vs. Python"" and am working to build up my collection to such great titles as ""Troll 2"" and ""What's up Superdoc?"" But ""Storm Trooper"" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies. It's just lame. The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right. Everything about this movie is stupid. When the robot guy runs into the car it seems almost as if he knew it was going to blow up),-0.8
(,"I happened to catch this movie on late night TV. I saw the opening credits and thought this looks good. Well I was very wrong. While not excruciatingly bad (it had some funny and tender moments)it lacked any sense of cohesion.<br /><br />It started off well enough with Kathy Bates'character having a midlife crisis of sorts when her husband leaves her and her singing idol is murdered. But Kathy has played these disaffected women so well before - think Fried Green Tomatoes. The problem wasn't Kathy),-0.4
(,"The sects that capitalise on this film are well known for their claim to take the 'message' of the bible without any alteration or extra-biblical influence. The existence of this film is solely due to the fact that there is no such thing.<br /><br />If you want to know what the born-again branch of Christianity were harping on about in the seventies just look up the word 'rapture' in a dictionary of cults and sects. It's quicker than sitting through this waste of celluloid.<br /><br />Poor acting),-0.3333333333333333
(,"You just need to see this as a poorly executed anti abortion propaganda and you will realize just how bad it really is. The main message of this movie is that even the sickest of persons can't commit an abortion. If you ask that's not a long way away from blowing up abortion clinics. So this guy wants to kill some poor girl but he has to convince her to do an abortion first. What a load of crap. And the worst part is that he has an convincing argument (bringing a child into a loveless environment)),-1.5
(,"A lot of people don't think Dan Aykroyd is funny. This movie proves otherwise. Aykroyd is brilliant delivering his one-liners in this comedy. The only major problem with this is that it wastes far too much time near the end jumping back and forth from Aykroyd's character and the doctor who is pursuing him to prove he's a fraud. The doctor goes nuts like doctor Leo Marvin (Richard Dreyfuss) in ""What About Bob?"". The scenes where the doctor is desperately trying to get back to Los Angeles are silly),-0.5
(,"I have to say that this movie was not what i expected. Even though i have not read the book the fact that plants can one bait and then wait for a killing to happen only to have it drag off a corpse for lunch is about the worst scenario anyone has come up with. With the title ruins you would think that out of 3000 years that some kind of deity or ancient animal or god would be the culprit. This is like another movie primeval where you would think it was something strange that villagers fear the most),-0.8
(,"I watched this movie last week sometime and had the biggest laugh i've had in a long while. The plot of the film is pretty dumb and convoluted in a badly crafted way. The only plus to be found anywhere in the film are Corey Savier's impressive abs. Alexandra Paul (i think that's her name) is horrendous as the preacher's wife who has a history of depression. Ted McKenzie is gross and his character's a twit on top of it all. And as if the fact that you think she's having sex with her son isn't enough),-0.5
(,"The Power started off looking promising but soon became boring and tedious to watch. The plot is about an ancient Aztec doll that takes possession of those who own it. The idea is ""decent enough"" and this film would have been fairly entertaining had it been done better. However after the first ten minutes or so it soon becomes boring; we don't get any good death scenes and have to listen to loads of talking. At the end one of the possessed men meets his death by melting away in front of two girls),-0.4
(,"This is a dry and sterile feature filming on one of most interesting events in WWII and in history of warfare behind the front line. Bad drama composition is worst about this film as plot on killing Hitler suppose to be pretty dramatic event. There is no character development at all and idea that Tom Cruise suppose to play a high rank commander that questions his deepest inner thoughts on patriotism and treason is completely insane. I believe that Mister Bin would play it better. Generally speaking),-1.2857142857142858
(,"Wildman head counselor Tripper Harrison (Bill Murray in peak nutty form in his first lead role) presides over the various wacky hi-jinks at North Star summercamp. Tripper befriends sad and lonely misfit kid Rudy (a nice and affecting performance by Chris Makepeace). Director Ivan Reitman relates the amusingly off the wall comic vignettes at a ceaseless snappy pace and maintains an engagingly good-natured tone throughout. This film astutely nails the breezy'n'breezy essence of summer: making friends),-0.3333333333333333
(,"As myself and my other half are big fans of trash horror we couldn't resist getting out a movie that contained both of the greats we were thrilled! However for a 2004 movie with a rip off cover of Freddy Vs Jason this is a disgrace! The worst film I have ever seen but worth a look for a laugh if you are able to sit through it!<br /><br />The acting is awful the effects...well I could do better on my camcorder in fact its so bad they only bothered to put make up on the zombies faces and left out neck),-0.625
(,"I heard the stories of the ravers in the movie and thats great but that is only 1/100 of the movie. The problem with this movie is the cheesiness. I never really got the plot or why the guy was stealing girls. That makes no sense but hey...why they were in a club randomly was curious also. Many parts of this movie make no sense but overall I was interested. It was confusing on many levels...maybe I am just not indie enough for this movie but judging from the B looking end scene they ran out of money),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I just saw Adam Had Four Sons for the first time and the thing that struck me was that I believe that the model used was Theodore Roosevelt and his four sons. They were approximately the same ages as the four boys in this film. Warner Baxter in his portrayal of Adam Stoddard talked about the same values and family tradition that you would have heard from our 26th president without some of the more boisterous aspects of TR's character. <br /><br />Like TR all of the Stoddard sons serve in World War I),-1.0
(,"This movie was really interesting... it also is quite shocking as the similar events of the movie occurred only 10 months after the movie premiered.<br /><br />it was interesting seeing the problems that could be encountered and realistic enough to show that no matter how prepared you think you are - you aren't. if this was made for an American audience - it would be different because they would have used this as a full propaganda film and not as a wake call which the BBC did! it still is propaganda),-0.625
(,"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Juggernaut is a British made ""thriller"" released in the US by First National. Karloff is Dr. Sartorius who has to leave his research because his funds have dried up. Karloff is forced to retreat to France and start up a medical practice. He is propositioned by a conniving woman who wants to get rid of her much older husband. She knows Karloff needs the money.<br /><br />Karloff agrees to the proposition and soon becomes the personal doctor of the husband. All the while),-0.5
(,"Dark Wolf (Quick Review) Let's get right to it: This is a repugnant piece of rotting roadkill with cow sh*t on it. It's just an awful movie. It's an urban werewolf movie with some of the worst acting imaginable and a story as weak as any gangly nerd from an 80's high school drama film. What's worse is that poor Kane Hodder was duped into playing the gigantic evil werewolf. Kane f*cking Hodder. Someone's trying to ensure that playing Jason Voorhees is the height of his film career...<br /><br />Anyway),-2.125
(,"When this show first aired I will admit to being intrigued by the premise and the setting. With an open mind I watched the first two episodes and naturally dismissed it as being destined to run for a half-season at most. I happened to be watching A/E recently and witnessed an ad for this garbage and I could barely contain my surprise. I truly hope people are watching this for a laugh and not taking it seriously. The characters are truly some of the most ridiculous and outright laughable on television),-0.25
(,"I've seen this movie on several different occasions. I find one of the funniest things to do is to just watch the reactions of the different types of people who go to see it.<br /><br />Type 1: OLD PEOPLE. A lot of old Japanese men and women go to this movie because they think it will be a honest-to-goodness samurai movie with lots of swordplay and medieval Japanese dialogue. As soon the two protagonists begin debating horror movies while inserting expletives almost randomly throughout their sentences),-2.0
(,"Just too many holes in this movie to be enjoyable AND WORSE OF ALL a bizarre almost Hollywood-like ending that is completely out of context with the rest of the movie (this is not a spoiler as you will never guess how it ends!).<br /><br />YOu will also need to be thick skinned to all sorts of politically correct undertones. The conflict between whites and blacks was highly contrived and one sided. I didn't understand why the author had the local black communinity behave in such an unacceptable manner),-2.0
(,"This is possibly the worst film I have ever seen; I gave it one star simply because it is the lowest score possible. Whoever thought Flood would ever be a good film? The director and cast should be ashamed and then it dawned on me this could all be part of a shambolic scare tactic. Only propaganda could be this bad.<br /><br />The redeeming feature of Flood is that it's ghastliness and shameless formulaic storyline make it funny. If only the characters had the same depth as created by the flood itself),-1.1666666666666667
(,"This film show peoples in the middle of the hottest 2 days in Austria. It shows people humiliating other peoples and being cruel to other peoples. It show the inability of people to communicate or talk with others.<br /><br />In the screening I have attended people were leaving in the middle because they could no longer watch the film. And rightly so. Because the film is not and easy one to watch. It has a very depressing message and there isn't any moment of mercy in the film. It is a very cruel movie),-1.1428571428571428
(,"Utterly predictable silly show about a man who has killed his wife by mowing her down when driving and claimed he had blacked out. Why was he still driving a car? Why did he still feel able to drive a car having killed his wife with one? This question has not occurred to the writers. The story then witters on about a psychologist and her failing marriage which is tied into the failing marriage of wife-killing blackout driver. An omniscient mother and one dimensional child are thrown in for good measure),-1.3333333333333333
(,"What made the French Connection work so well was the relationship between Doyle (Hackman) and Russo (Scheider). In this catastrophe directed by Frankenheimer (who also brought us such gems as Raindeer Games and the Island of Dr. Moreau) the movie focuses on Doyle and his singular obsession of capturing Charnier (Rey). The fictitious idea that the NYPD would allow Doyle to travel to Marseilles to find Charnier with the help of the French local authorities is laugh out loud funny. Correct me if I'm wrong),-0.2
(,"I get the impression that I was watching a different movie to the majority of other people I know who have seen this film. It's not really that I found the film offensive or anything - just that the script was unbelievably amateurish for a film that had obviously had a bit of money thrown at it. I really respected Paul Haggis' work on the Million Dollar Baby script and was bitterly disappointed to see how bad this script was. It was clear to me that it was desperate to be the 'racism' version of Traffic),-1.1666666666666667
(,"I watched 3/4 of this movie and wondered why it got such horrible reviews here. It was fairly easy to watch (at 3am). It had good casting - Kevin Dillon's role of the sociopath serial killer was very believable - he was both charasmatic and chilling. The rest of the main characters weren't so bad either.<br /><br />This is your typical stalker/suspense movie. A married couple cannot conceive so they go to a fertility clinic for help. A sociopathic ""genetic material"" donor fixates on the recipients and),-0.5
(,"I watched the film recently and it poorly resembles the book is based on. I blame this on poor screenplay and direction. Some parts were forcibly introduced (the gay rape scene) for no apparent reason. I actually read the book after watching the movie and some 20 years or so after reading it for the first time. I found it hard to read and somewhat clumsy. Too many disparate ideas introduced for no benefit at all... other than sensational parts for the time. As it covers stuff that was deemed 'sensitive'),-1.2857142857142858
(,"This movie just didn't do it for me. I like horror and splatter movies but this one has very little to do with horror. The effects are cheap and when they chop of one of her feet it looks so fake. The same goes for the other effects like the tongue torture and the gut sex. They could have spent of few extra bucks on the effects.<br /><br />With lots of sex (with pixelization as in all Japanese movies) this is just a sick fetish porn and there seems to be a market for sick stuff like this. While bloodier),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Probable reasons why so many people on this site have enjoyed this:<br /><br />1. They might not have read the book. 2. They might enjoy gore and violence in a film. 3. They might be very young and therefore not understand the violence. 4. People might not understand how somehow more scary and more violent it is compared to the original book. 5. There are sure to be many other reasons not covered here.<br /><br />The only thing I liked about this film is the song ""'Bright Eyes"".<br /><br />If perchance),-0.8
(,"Some people are born with mourning souls with their song sung singularly until they encounter another soul as tortured and/or as bitterly sweetly beautiful as their own and an unusual magic happens. YOU ARE ALONE is a brutally honest look into two tortured souls that intertwine for a moment of understanding and oneness only to be torn apart by the differences in the oneness between they're pain. Death is explored figuratively and literally. It is what happens when ones soul is dead or similarly too alive),-1.2222222222222223
(,"A huge disappointment from writer Hamm and director Dante. Their previous collaboration on the first season's ""Homecoming"" was twisted and darkly hilarious in all the right ways. This poor handling of an intriguing premise left me bewildered. The supposed ""payoff"" showing generic aliens extracting something from the brains of the infected psychopaths was completely unsatisfying and explained nothing. If the point of the story was an extraterrestrial ""cleaning"" of the planet of it's human infestation),-0.6
(,"I'D BUY THAT FOR A DOLLAR!!!<br /><br />I did buy this film for a dollar and I've seen much worse for much more!!<br /><br />This is a Scottish sci-fi film from Mark Stirton and according to the Making of (hysterical by the way) the production only cost $8000. Eight grand!!! That wouldn't pay for half a minute in Hollywood!! Nevertheless ---- This is top fun film making. If you like things gritty then you're in for a treat. These are some rough character with rough voices and harsh swearing. I didn't mind),-0.14285714285714285
(,"Some users are confused about the identity of the armed men walking down the steps in the ""Odessa staircase"" sequence. These men are not Cossacks but regular army troops.<br /><br />The Cossacks arrive at the scene a little later and they are the men on horses slashing at the crowd with their sabers.<br /><br />To experts on Russian history: Correct me on this if I'm wrong.<br /><br />But there are a couple of lines in the movie that apparently no one has commented on. After the takeover of the Potemkin),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Watched this film with an audience of....5 in total! Had a choice between Lakshya and Asambhav...(realized then I should have gone for Lakshya). A typical plot...India v Pakistan..but just isn't cricket as you have Kashmir in the middle. An Indian super hero goes on a mission to save the President of India from some Pakistani rebels who are involved in a mass drug smuggling racket. I left the film half way as it was simply boring and the plot was confusing and all over the place. The songs were also awful),-0.16666666666666666
(,"80's comedies (especially ones with John Cusak) are awesome. Almost all are hillarious and instant classics and this film is no exception. Plenty of nods to other films (i.e. Godzilla and Jaws) through out the movie that are so hillarious you'll be laughing for hours. Some may complain that the movie is a little corny at times but hey it was the 80's and things were always a little cheesy. Throw in a young Demi Moore and an even louder Bob Cat and you have a laughfest on your fans. If you haven't seen this),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Please do not blame Korea for this bad movie. I am in Korea (please excuse bad English). It sadden me to see these movies which make Korea look like obsessed with blood and sex. It sadden me even more to see animal killings and hear Americans say that is how Korea is. We do not eat live animals!! So please stop excusing movie for its crime by saying it is the culture! There is scenes with the man eating live animals and non Koreans think it is normal. No it is disgusting to us too. The director is a misfit),-1.0769230769230769
(,"This is a powerful documentary about domestic abuse in the Cameroon. The ""sisters"" in law are female lawyers and judges who in 2004 successfully prosecuted husbands for abusive treatment of their spouses and won one woman a divorce she desperately wanted through a Muslim council. It is rather long -- about two hours -- but fascinating in terms both of the individual plaintiffs and defendants and the lawyers who successfully represented them in court rooms presided over by female judges. It will leave you),-0.5
(,"This must be one of the worst Swedish movies ever made. <br /><br />It is embarrassing that such a bad script was allowed to become a movie and shown in cinemas as recently as year 2006.<br /><br />I've never seen so many visible sponsored products in one and the same movie. It shouldn't be that obvious. <br /><br />I can't understand why so many known actors even thought the idea to even be visible in a movie like this. If I had any respect for some of the known actors in this movie before I saw the movie),-1.5
(,"I cannot believe how bad this piece of garbage is! I want my $3.99 back! Words defy description of this poorly made piece of crap! The dubbing in no way shape or form aligns with the actor's mouths. The movie looks like it was filmed with a 1970's vintage camcorder. I have shot better movies with my cell phone camera. The gore is laughable due to the silly unbelievable plot. The acting is what one would expect if you called all your friends over on a Saturday afternoon and proceeded to get completely ripped),-0.14285714285714285
(,"I unwittingly walked into this ""trap"" of a movie.<br /><br />If I could turn back time or simply get a refund I would be happy.<br /><br />It was 7:30pm and Cinderella Man didn't start until 10pm so I rushed into the theater to catch the movie that started at 7:20pm...and I dare say God reached out his hand (or retracted it) and allowed me to punish myself for my film gluttony by sitting in for this film.<br /><br />It may be unfair to criticize a movie that was not targeted at my heterosexual male cohort),-1.2
(,"Somewhere in the dark recesses of my brain cells a song plays in my head. I can't forget it no matter how hard I try. It's MIDNIGHT MADNESS and it's gonna get to you! Wish i could find a copy of this on a 45rpm record. Five disparate teams head out one night in L.A. for a scavenger hunt for clues instead of physical objects. An unkempt game-master with two gorgeous assistants is the mastermind of all this insanity that's about to be unleashed on L.A. All the teams are stereotypes (this movie being from 1980),-0.8
(,"This is the first time I'm entering a comment for a movie I haven't viewed till the credits. Reason for this is simple...people need to be warned: this is one of the worst comedies of the new millennium. I usually stay away from a good deal of comedies that are in bad taste but I reckoned this to be watchable. A regrettable decision which was based on other Ashton Kutcher comedies that were (semi-) enjoyable such as A Lot Like Love and Guess Who.<br /><br />Where those two movies had their charms and laughs),-0.5
(,"Hotel Du Nord is a gripping drama of guilt in which Marcel Carne portrayed an entertaining tale of ill-fated love which also functions as a revolt against the cruel world.The film is based entirely on a pair of hapless lovers.Pierre and Renee were mistaken when they believed that suicide would put an end to their misery.Hotel Du Nord has its own inimitable charm as its inhabitants have become an essential part of the establishment.There is an element of togetherness as everyone flocks to Hotel Du Nord to eat),-0.5
(,"The film tackles the here and now horror of ""rendition"" with a multi-cast trans-global account of all involved. No-one gets off lightly because we see the blindness of the players as they carve out their own slice of the worldwide game piling hatred and misery on their ""enemies"" and themselves in equal measure.<br /><br />The interplay between the sympathetic Senator's Aide (played in scintillating style by Peter Sarsgaard) and the real Washington power-mongers is electrifying. Meanwhile out in the field),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Barbershop 2: Back in Business wasn't as good as it's original but was just as funny. The movie itself lacked little things which the original held which made it much more enjoyable. Back in Business seemed to be just another worthless sequel made to bring in money with a very thin plot. Cedric the Entertainer's terrible excuses for flashbacks ruined the movie and seemed to be a bad way to try and get the audience to adapt more with the character. Overall Barbershop 2: Back in Business was a sequel not needed),-1.4
(,"For Native Mongolian speakers the film lacked emotion and emphasis. Used too many non Native speakers especially Jamukha. Too many diversions from the actual history. Terrible terrible subtitle!!! I wonder where and who did that subtitle. It was both in English and Thai. I wonder how bad the subtitle was in Thai if the English subtitle was soooo bad! Described the one of the greatest leader's life very uninteresting. There are better films made by Mongolian directors with very low budget from 1980's. Honestly),-0.25
(,"Ruthless evil warlord Samanosuke (superbly played to the hateful hilt by Yutaro Gomi) cruelly mistreats the peaceful residents of a small village. The giant stone statue Majin eventually comes to life to destroy Samanosuke and his wicked minions. Director Kimiyoshi Yasudo and screenwriter Tetsuro Yoshida give the compelling story all the power and simplicity of an ancient age-old legendary folktale: there's a very strong sense of an ancient time and faraway remote place (it's specifically set in feudal Japan)),-0.8
(,"talk about your waste of money.. im just wondering why Michael would star in such a turkey of a movie..Michael is a Great actor especially in the movie where he plays a man dying of cancer.. that was wonderful. as he tapes himself for his son to see it once he grows up .. Michael is such a talented actor.. so what made him do this one??? i watched it and thought it was really dumb.. i guess at one time in their career they have the crappy movies .. especially ""The Squeeze"" i didnt understand that one At all),-1.0
(,"I loved Complete Savages! Why did they cancel it anyway? They should have made a second season and so on... God! They always cancel the good shows... and leave all the boring stuff. Nothing interesting at TV since Complete Savages is gone. This show was a great idea. A single firefighter father with five crazy sons and a lazy dog... Each and every one of them has his own madness in that house. TJ is always the kid...always the smaller one... Kyle rocks! He breaks everything he touches! He's always on detention),-0.25
(,"IMDb lists this movie as a comedy. I have no idea what genre this movie falls into but it certainly isn't comedy. tragedy maybe.<br /><br />I won't say whether this is a good movie or not. All I know is it is not a comedy. I wanted a laugh tonight and what I got was some bizarre notion of someones attachment to some ugly chair.<br /><br />This movie is not what is advertised. It's film school tripe that I can only assume is intended to ""make people think"". I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone that I know),-0.2857142857142857
(,"My goodness. And here I thought that there were no directors worse than Uwe Boll.<br /><br />Imagine the number of decisions necessary to produce a motion picture. Conceptual approval. Scriptwriting. Dialogue editing. Casting. Set and prop design. Location selection. Acting. Timing. Cinematography. Lighting. Music. Sound and video editing. Direction.<br /><br />Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.<br /><br />Result: Dracula 3000.<br /><br />For a film supposedly set in the 2900s),-2.0
(,"The female lead was a terrible actress which made the whole movie mediocre. She was smiling too much when she first went in front of the cameras to talk about her daughter. This should have made the police suspect her. I would have been inconsolable in the identical situation. She seemed way calm for a mother who could not find her daughter. It was as if she did not want to even be in the movie. Jennifer Aniston would have played the part better. And it would have made a lot more money for such a controversial),-0.16666666666666666
(,"I've read one comment which labeled this film ""trash"" and ""a waste<br /><br />of time."" I think this person got their political undies tugged a bit<br /><br />too much.<br /><br />I just rented the new Criterion DVD's of both Yellow and Blue.<br /><br />These films--although hardly great--have at least become of<br /><br />historical interest as to the so-called ""radical student<br /><br />political-social movement""of the late '60s.<br /><br />I hadn't seen either picture and from their notorious reputation),-0.5
(,"Snakes on a Plane was such a well hyped film that it was both inevitable and a little crazy to try to release another movie with almost the same title in the same year let alone the same week. Reading the other comments here I see the results. A lot of people are mad. Mad because it doesn't have the best special effects. Mad because it doesn't have a star cast. Mad because they wanted to see Samuel Jackson say ""I'm sick of these M^*&*&%-Er F*^(^%-Ing Snakes on this M^*&*&%-Er F*^(^%-Ing Train""! <br /><br />Well),-0.75
(,"An annoying group of ex-students from 'Monte Alto International High School' decide to spend a night in the now abandoned institution where a 'mystery' killer called the watchman played by horror legend Paul Naschy murders them off one by one.""School Killer"" features some references to such teen slasher staples like ""Scream"" or ""Friday the 13th"".The climatic twist ending looks like lilted from ""The Sixth Sense"".The uncertainty about whether the homicidal watchman is alive or dead provide some mild interest),-0.375
(,"I wish there were more films about middle aged people. The intellectual journey and the twists and turns of life's moral highway make interesting viewing. There seems to be a different standard of judgement on women who have extra marital affairs than on men. Amy Watson's hurtful and humiliating behaviour towards her husband seems to pass without comment. Reverse the roles and one could expect a torrent of condemnation towards the man. If she found her husband boring and judgmental she could could have told him so),-0.5
(,"Payback is the game being played in this drama and the revenge plot is undone by the absurd story line that sets the stage for the fireworks that come later. Why would a man become involved with the trophy wife of a ruthless mob boss in the gangster's own mansion with suspicious henchmen all around? Why would an unhappy wife encourage the attentions of a complete stranger and expect him to carry her away with him and leave her husband and boredom behind to live happily ever after with her new love? Surely the hero),-0.5
(,"River's Edge is more than just the story of a murder. It's an indictment of the wave of apathy that has plagued pockets of youth for decades now. Our main characters are a group of what my high school would have referred to as ""stoners"". One of them just decided to strangle his girlfriend because she apparently had the nerve to ""talk sh*t"" to him. This dangerous young man played by Daniel Roebuck has an intensity that will startle you. He takes the other kids in the group out to show them his girlfriend's body),-3.0
(,"This is the worst sequel on the face of the world of movies. Once again it doesn't make since. The killer still kills for fun. But this time he is killing people that are making a movie about what happened in the first movie. Which means that it is the stupidest movie ever.<br /><br />Don't watch this. If you value the one precious hour during this movie then don't watch it. You'll want to ask the director and the person beside you what made him make it. Because it just doesn't combine the original makes of horror),-2.0
(,"I still find it difficult to comprehend that a movie as bad as this could be made in Hollywood. The acting and story is simply pathetic & the direction is awful. I don't see any logic behind this trash except may be that the director had nothing good to do. I took me ten minutes to realize that i had wasted my precious thirty rupees. It filled me with dismay that i was going to waste some more time of my life on this crap. I bet the movie was made in less than a day. I don't know what category it falls into. Please),-1.0
(,"This Worldwide was the cheap man's version of what the NWA under Jim Crockett Junior and Jim Crockett Promotions made back in the 1980s on the localized ""Big 3"" Stations during the Saturday Morning/Afternoon Wrestling Craze. When Ted Turner got his hands on Crockett's failed version of NWA he turned it into World Championship Wrestling and proceeded to drop all NWA references all together. NWA World Wide and NWA Pro Wrestling were relabeled with the WCW logo and moved off the road to Disney/MGM Studios in Orlando),-1.5
(,"There is nothing worse than science fiction crafted by folks who don't have a feel for it. Grasping at a concept which wouldn't be so terrible by itself (a future where cloning is common enough that it is necessary to make it a crime for you to breed with someone too close to you genetically) the screenwriter proceeded to allow his ill-suited imagination to run wild.<br /><br />When Tim Robbins' character was able to guess a security guard's computer password simply by getting her to tell him one thing about herself),-2.0
(,"Having enjoyed Mike Myers previous work (Waynes World and Saturday Night Live) my expectations of a 60s bond spoof were fairly high. It became plain after the first minute that this was an exercise in how to be as puerile and unfunny as possible. I swit ched off after ten minutes. I watched it the other day a second time to see whether I had been unfair the first time. I switched it off after ten minutes. I find it hard to believe how even a twelve year-old boy could find this funny. The dialogue is an e mbarrassment),-1.5
(,"I disagree in calling this a stoner movie just because weed also makes an appearance. I can't imagine this as even approaching ""stoner classic."" That would be like calling Singles a ""grunge film."" The movie definitely plods along with a murky plot. At times I wondered if the script had either been dropped and shuffled or if they lost it entirely and just tried to wing it. Watching this movie reminded me of watching children play-acting and making the story up as they go along.<br /><br />The characters are wooden),-0.5
(,"Kind of hard to believe that the movie from this book could succeed in topping its awfulness! The plot is so contrived and unbelievable. . . starting with laying a ton of guilt on a small child to spare her pain! Then we have the collusive behavior of at least six and maybe more people(including clergy) involved in what is a crime everywhere. Next we have a wife who seemingly in the length of a ferry ride goes from being comparatively happy to very shortly kicking over the traces. A very unpleasant and coo coo mother),-1.0
(,"How many more of those fake ""slice of life"" movies need to be made? Hopefully not too many.<br /><br />Raising Victor Vargas is a very self-conscious attempt by the director Peter Solett at garnering the attention of Hollywood. Nothing wrong with that in general. What is wrong with this film in particular is that it ignores the audience and piles on every cliché in the book of supposedly ""edgy"" Hollywood independent production.<br /><br />It's supposed to be ""real"" so left shake the camera ""documentary style""),-2.0
(,"I had just watched one episode of this program and I couldn't even get to the end of the program. Every minute I had watched this program my I.Q must of dropped about 10 points. This is basically like a children's program but with swearing. Not even the swearing and the insults she tells other people made me laugh. Anyways the story must of been written by a monkey and the people who actually put this script for this program through for filming must of been held at gun point and had no choice but to film this retarded),-1.0
(,"Scientist Carl Lehman (well played by David McIlwraith) gets blown up something terrible in a deliberate chemical explosion. He has his brain transplanted in the body of a nearly indestructible metal cyborg suit by his evil colleagues who are led by wicked obsessive fellow scientist Alex Whyte (a perfectly hateful portrayal by Richard Cox). Lehman embarks on an all-out killing spree. It's up to nasty mercenary Hunter (a wonderfully loathsome turn by the divine Pam Grier) to put a stop to him. Director Jean-Claude Lord),-1.25
(,"This DVD is missing its calling as a Heineken coaster.... This is a great example of why no one should ever go see a sequel with a different director/writer than the original. Two hours of this turkey left me begging for Exorcist 2 reruns. <br /><br />NO legitimate laughs. NOT ONE decent scare. The script was just a mess and I felt bad for the actors who had to perform it (they must have had sick relatives at home or monster coke habits or something).<br /><br />The original was a makeup effects landmark. So naturally),-1.1666666666666667
(,"What a horrible movie. I cannot believe i wasted 90 mins of my life watching this re-make. Please tell me why Ving Rhames and Mehki Pfifer starred in this film? Mehki Pfifer is great in E.R and Ving Rhames probably didn't know what he was doing. I feel terrible for them. The music background i must say did not fit AT ALLLLL with the story and it's amazing how you can find these directors who have absolutely no lives in creating a well and balanced film. I hope that in the future no director as horrible as this one was),-0.3
(,"The words ""Swedish"" and ""Action movie"" do not mix. That becomes more and more obvious with every attempt made in the genre. This is yet another failed attempt.<br /><br />Lasse Brunell (Shanti Roney) works at a military air base with top secret computer systems. One day foreign criminals threaten to hurt his family if he doesn't do what they tell him. They want the secret equipment and will do anything to get it.<br /><br />This movie has it's ups and downs. And usually in Swedish action movies there are no ""ups""),-1.0
(,"This is the most cliche ridden and worst romantic comedy I have ever seen. Every scene is cringe worthy and the two lead actors - Corey and Danny are soo annoying. Corey is very dumb and naive and should have never listened to Danny's false promises.<br /><br />Neve Campbell and the killer from Urban Legend are the only redeeming qualities in this poor attempt of a film. Danny (Dean Paras) looks in his late thirties and the girl he's trying to bed - Corey looks as if she's still in college.<br /><br />Here in Australia),-1.1666666666666667
(,"***spoilers***spoilers***spoilers***spoilers<br /><br />There are bad movies and then there are movies which are so awful that they become affectionately comical in their ineptness. Such is the case with Columbia Pictures' 'The Grudge.' This cinematic atrocity began when an otherwise well intentioned American saw a Japanese made for TV film 'Ju-on' and was inspired to remake the movie in English. This began a virtual tsunami of bad decisions which circumnavigated the globe until it washed ashore in Orlando on October 21),-1.75
(,"Just okay horror film about a nice suburban family dealing with the death of their parents and the ""thing"" in the basement that they keep feeding people they pick up off the street. Of course there is more to it then that but to say more would be telling.<br /><br />For me this just didn't come together as it tries to have it two ways both as a family drama and a horror film. the film tries very hard to walk the cutting edge between the two genres but seems more to stumble all over the place as it tries to be shocking),-0.6
(,"Madhur has given us a powerful movie Chandni Bar in the past. His next film Page 3 was one of the worst movies of all time. It apparently tells the story of some high class people in India. After seeing a scene where the man forces another man for sexual reasons to Star in a Movie. I felt like spitting and breaking the DVD. Coincidently i did. The reason why was the movie contains scenes of child pornography and molestation. I literally vomited and was shocked to see a movie showing naked children. Very disturbing stuff),-0.6
(,"OK so a 10 for a 2 1/2 star movie you ask?...well see this one and maybe it will make more sense.. Hitchcock never blended scenes together better....The film weaves scenes together flawlessly from the start and yet you don't get that scattered feeling you sometimes get when a movie runs you through the many characters it attempts to develop. You sense that the characters will show you something unusual about themselves and then they don't disappoint you when they do. Screenwriter/Producer Phil Hay's surreal tale of life),-0.5
(,"The Vindicator opens with the memorable scene of a monkey in a cage attacking a ripping apart a small toy robot as part of a scientific experiment. This random act violence sold it for me and I'm happy to say the rest of Vindicator provided a veritable feast of cheese.<br /><br />The Vindicator is about a scientist (David McIlwraith) who is nearly killed an explosion in his lab whose tattered remains are put inside an experimental body suit/armour. For some unfathomable reason he is fitted with a Rage Response Activator),-1.0
(,"This movie is absolutely terrible... Definately a bull***t story and even worse acting. Too bad Charlie Sheen is involved in something like this since he is a decent actor and has done a couple of really good movies.<br /><br />The special effects are 'A-team'-standard with the classical car gets shot and then flips over with a little fireball under the hood.<br /><br />Of course the enemy are portrayed as total idiots and die as fast as they can say '-Die evil Americans'.<br /><br />Unless braindead movies are you game),-1.2857142857142858
(,"""What symbolism!"" exclaimed a woman as we exited the theater after viewing the Polish brother's paean to Ingmar Bergman. Some symbolism is there all right. But not much. ""Northfork"" adds up to some fine acting weakened by dreary cinematography that fails to make any coherent statement and a muddled story that irritates rather than enthralls.<br /><br />Northfork is a town facing extinction after a new hydroelectric dam goes into operation. It's the early to middle 1950s and a squad of identically dressed state agents),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Propaganda pro-American war effort film that came out in 1942 has the East Side Kids getting tough against any Japanese they spot in their own neighborhood when they learn they're too young to enlist. Ultimately they learn they were mistaken in their mistrust of some individuals but also happen to stumble across a spy ring they then set out to bust. The film is harmless enough in its fashion although some may well take offense given how innocent Asians really did get singled out during the Second World War. Overall though),-2.0
(,"Is torture ever right? No The answer is simple and absolute with no qualifications possible. The reason as this film showed is the effect torture has on a society. The values that have been hard fought for in Western society through centuries of revolution and struggle are for ALL men and women to be allowed to live in a free and open society. One where individuals are treated equally and with respect to their essential rights as humans. To protect this society institutions have been developed to deal with wrongdoing openly),-1.4285714285714286
(,"I love all of the movies by Michael Landon Jr. And Michael Landon Jr's casting of Dale Midkiff as ""Clark Davis""could not of been any better. Dale Midkiff has the ways to pull off this character.<br /><br />This movie kept me spellbound from start to finish.<br /><br />The death of Missie & Willies baby girl with the timing of Clarks visit was only Gods timing. How they dealt with the death and how Clark helped them do so was that of a fathers love.<br /><br />Although there are 3 movies before this one [ Love Comes Softly ),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Nicolas Roeg ? He directed the classic supernatural thriller DON`T LOOK NOW didn`t he ? Strangely the aforementioned movie was broadcast on BBC television at the weekend which did tonight`s screening of COLD HEAVEN no favours what so ever . <br /><br />You see it`s impossible not to compare COLD HEAVEN with DON`T LOOK NOW since they both have the same director and the same structure and for the first third of COLD HEAVEN I thought they also had the same plot except a dead husband had been substituted instead of a dead child ),-2.3333333333333335
(,"""The Brain Machine"" will at least put your own brain into overdrive trying to figure out what it's all about. Four subjects of varying backgrounds and intelligence level have been selected for an experiment described by one of the researchers as a scientific study of man and environment. Since the only common denominator among them is the fact that they each have no known family should have been a tip off - none of them will be missed.<br /><br />The whole affair is supervised by a mysterious creep known only as The General),-1.0
(,"Pointless short about a bunch of half naked men slapping and punching each other. That's it. For about 5 minutes we see this. It's shot in black and white with tons of half-naked men running around slapping each other to the tune of dreadful music. It LOOKS interesting but there's no plot and really--the violence inherent in this got disturbing. Also the homo eroticism in this is played up but mixing it with violence was not a good idea. Some people who like avant garde material might like this but I found it incomprehensible),-0.125
(,"This is a lame comedy.<br /><br />Here's why: A man and wife sitcom. Okay.<br /><br />The Husband is a douche bag. The Wife is the Einstein.<br /><br />How original is that? <br /><br />Jerry Stiller is just the same guy on Seinfeld.<br /><br />The gags are lame. No witty one-liners.<br /><br />I have had enough. Stop this now.<br /><br />The Last Word: Stupid. The destruction of the average white guy continues on ABC. The worst part? Kevin James is actually a funny comedian. He just isn't here. Leah Remini is great eye candy),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I had a bad feeling ten seconds into the film as a pair of overworked tumbleweeds (probably left over from a bad western) blew across the scene. The bad feeling grew ten seconds later when the obligatory opening stranger-turned-human-sacrifice for no apparent reason lowered his rear view mirror to see a shadow in the back seat. For the next five minutes over the opening credits we are treated to an overhead shot of the car rocking back and forth and only the dramatic made-for-TV-movie music informs us a killing is taking place),-1.5714285714285714
(,"I wanted to punch the TV. Watching it was torture. I hated it. Never watch this movie. The terrorists are annoying. Adam Sandler is annoying. I normally like him but not in this one. I wanted to break the DVD. This is the most irritating film in the world. The comedian he's jealous of is obnoxious. The only remotely funny part is the rocker with the black teeth getting all the girls. It was so irritating I wanted to punch the TV. DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE UNLESS YOU WANT TO ANNOY SOMEONE. If you even like Adam Sandler a little bit),-0.42857142857142855
(,"This is a bad B movie masquerading as a mockumentary. The porn documentary filmmaker in the movie has almost as much screen time and dialog as any other character. That completely destroyed any ""documentary feel"" that they may have wanted to create.<br /><br />The fact that the film is not actually a mockumentary is the least of it's problems. The film is not funny. The film is not sexy. The film doesn't have anything insightful to say about the porn business. It's not even particularly salacious. While there's simulated sex),-3.0
(,"A fey story of a Martian attempt to colonize Earth. (Things must be pretty bad back on Mars.) Two state troopers investigate the scene of a reported UFO crash. Whatever landed is buried under the ice at Tracy's Pond but there are footsteps in the snow leading to a nearby diner.<br /><br />The diner has had no customers since eleven o'clock that morning. Now there are a handful of bus passengers sitting around waiting for permission to cross a structurally weak bridge. The bus driver insists that six passengers were aboard the bus),-0.8
(,"Horror/Sci-Fi that is interesting as it is laughable. F/X pretty good...for what you manage to see. A made for TV thriller that is not as bad as the worst of them. Jeffrey Coombs plays a brilliant although misguided scientist that tampers with stem cell research and manipulates human DNA with that of a hammerhead shark. The horrifying results give birth to one hell of a killing machine. A group of scientists led by William Forsythe and Hunter Tylo are invited to a remote island to check out the brilliant new experiment. Of course),-0.25
(,"I saw this for Gary Busey and Fred Williamson thinking they were buddy cops. They are but Busey is in the opening scene then doesn't show up again until like 40 minutes into the movie. Though every scene he's in is awesome. Especially when he disguises himself as a blind hobo.<br /><br />What's incredible about this movie is the plot. In the movie Fred Williamson is trying to find out who stalking and killing phone sex operators. At one point I think thats its Busey. But it turns out I'm only partly right. Busey is not the killer),-0.75
(,"i've discovered that this film gets rented based off of the packaging. the zombie on the front of the DVD looks cool and scary. then you get to the movie and it's women with raccoon masks on. zero special effects...and even the fight scenes you can see them miss punches by 2 feet. the funny thing is that Lommel acts in the movie briefly himself and is worse than the rest of the crap actors in the movie. the only thing i can think is that Lommel is just trying to make such a bad film that people dub it a ""cult classic""...however),-1.0
(,"I must admit I do not hold much of New Age mumbo jumbo. When people ""exchange energy"" I always wonder how much kJ is actually exchanged and how it may contribute to solving the global warming problem. When energy ""is enforced"" I always wonder how they managed to violate the laws of entropy and still are without Nobel prizes. When people feel how well instinct enables them to flawlessly navigate through the complexities of life I wonder how they fail to do a simple thing like finding the train station.<br /><br />But then again),-0.4
(,"This was the stupidest movie I have ever seen in my life. It is a complete waste of money and time. I went to see this movie with my friends and when the movie was over not a single person in the movie theater- not that there was a lot of people there to see this terrible movie- said ""wow what a good movie."" Someone actually walked out! It was absolutely terrible! It was disgusting and I hated every minute of it. My friend was putting her head in my shoulder towards the end because after the scene with Rick on the ceiling peeing),-0.5
(,"Topical? Certainly. Entertainment? Probably - but only on removal of any shred of the viewer's common sense. Reality? Only in so much that it was made on this planet.<br /><br />How thousands of people were supposed to have died as a result of a 5-metre wall of water in a city liberally littered with buildings in excess of 25 metres high is quite beyond me. Carlyle's line to the effect of ""How could anyone survive that?"" when the shot shows forests of buildings with several floors above the water is completely laughable. Further),-3.0
(,"This was in short a terrible disappointment. By far the worst adaptation of one of my favourite novels. The dialogue was horribly clumsy; I could sense no feeling behind the words expressed by the characters. The lines were delivered too hastily and felt rather out of place. They could just as well have been cited by statues. The chemistry between George C. Scott and Susannah York was non-existent and watching an American Rochester felt strange. He could have at least tried to do a British accent. I like George C. Scott as an actor),-0.8
(,"***Possible Plot Spoilers***<br /><br />I adore Dennis Hopper. I question why he accepted the role of a police detective in 2000's The Spreading Ground. This movie flat out sucks and I'm about to tell you why.<br /><br />This is about a small town which is about to get a contract for a sports arena. One hitch: there's a killer on the loose and that is bad for business. The Mayor makes a deal with the Irish Mob to find the killer and make sure he never makes it to court. Det. Ed Delongpre has other plans. He wants this guy caught too),-1.0
(,"Four tales of terror regarding the events at a creepy old mansion are recounted to sceptical Scotland Yard investigator Holloway (John Bennett) as he investigates the whereabouts of the latest occupant of the house that dripped blood.<br /><br />One can only struggle to find the words to describe the true brilliance that is The House That Dripped Blood'. This Seventies horror anthology is quite remarkable in the way that such a visually innocent movie is capable of inducing horror in even the most discerning of viewers. Incredibly),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I had to suffer through this movie three times while I was a zombie extra in the director's new movie After Sundown. The first time that I saw this movie the director was standing next to me and a clearly fake and cheesy looking hand popped out of nowhere and grabbed one of the characters. I could not take it any more I busted out laughing right in front of the guy. The movie has no direction whatsoever and the one thing that could make this movie decent (Female Nudity) was nowhere to be found. I am a fan of low budget horror movies),-0.16666666666666666
(,"This movie suffers from the fact that for years Hollywood had no clue as to how to package Jackie Chan for the masses. His low-budget Hong Kong movies were all fast-paced kinetic thrillers that highlight his amazing gymnastic skills and talent for light comedy. His early Hollywood films stuck him in the same movies that were being packaged for Stallone or Chuck Norris. There is nothing about Chan's character in this movie that requires the character to be Asian except for his being the star. In his Hong Kong films Chan is never dull),-0.16666666666666666
(,"This is a story of a long and awkward love. The daily life of a woman of 50 years old and some people around her is depicted. Her daily life is so ordinary and routine that I doubted who was the real lead character in the beginning. Then the audiences know that the woman and a man who was her high-school class mate had very tiny connection. The woman has been doing the same job - a milk-woman and a supermarket casher - so long. There are so many slopes that delivering milk bottles is a very hard job. The man had married another woman),-1.3333333333333333
(,"What can I say about this film that won't give you any preconceived notions when you see it? Very little. The plot has to do with the return from hospital of a teenage girl after she broke down. What follows after that is the movie. It is one of the creepiest most mind blowing films of the past several years. Everything about the film is just slightly off center and leaves you feeling ill at ease well after the film has ended. It is not a perfect film. The film has problems in its final half hour which make an already confusing story),-0.14285714285714285
(,"`Bruce Almighty' will sweep the Academy Awards with a record 14 Oscar wins! It will surpass `Titanic' as the highest grossing film of all time! Jim Carrey's illustriousness will be at such a supreme level that he will announce his presidential candidacy for the 2004 White House playoffs. Almighty then! These grandeur fantasies would only transpire if the filmmakers (Carrey included) would possess the powers of God. That very same premise is the paramount ingredient in Carrey's new laugh riot `Bruce Almighty'. Carrey plays Bruce Nolan),-0.5
(,"Depressing black BLACK comedy about a woman (Mia Farrow) who flees her house on Christmas Eve when she discovers her husband (Tony Goldwyn) has hired a hit man to kill her. She ends up with a husband and wife (Scott Glenn and Mary-Louise Parker) and then things go wrong. Basically Farrow keeps running and is continuously meeting VERY strange people and getting into morbidly unfunny situations.<br /><br />This was advertised as a feel good movie when I saw it around Christmas time at its VERY short run in an art cinema. I found it sick),-0.5
(,"I expected this movie was originally supposed to show before the election. CBS's last shot at throwing a dig at Bush. This movie was just awful yet I'm still watching it. **Minor Spoiler** I think CBS got the same people who ""provided"" the memo's to do the semi cut in half sequence. What is with the bad boyfriend storyline? Can the acting be more contrived or the dialog more like a Ed Wood movie. Who ever came up with this script please do us a favor stop writing. If you want to see decent B grade disaster movies then see Earthquake),-0.4444444444444444
(,"I saw (unfortunately) the dubbed version on Encore.<br /><br />Student Paula Henning (Franka Potente who was also in the cult favorite ""Run Lola Run"") stars as a serious medical student who gets into a prestigious school in Germany. But she soon discovers that some students go missing and the bodies they work on in the anatomy lab are incredibly fresh...<br /><br />I was stuck seeing the dubbed version on Encore. It hurt a lot (the words not matching the lips got annoying real quick) but I still liked what I saw. The acting was good),-0.14285714285714285
(,"This excellent drama had me in suspense the whole time. I could not take my eyes off the screen for one second because every word kept connecting the pieces to this puzzling murder. This movie really touched me because it showed how sad and hard life can be. I really did cry in the end (which I don't want to give away!) It also let me realize how cruel and sickening people can be when it comes to murder. <br /><br />The cast was also very good. The only bad cast member was the actress who played Anne Marie. The actress did a great job),-0.375
(,"I am a German student so sorry for eventually mistakes (I'm working on it ;) )<br /><br />The stylistic very interesting converted and with effective sound effects accentuated platitudinous action of the drama deflect in no way from the horrible bad actors (insincere and unnatural moves and expressions of feelings) and makes so the relatively weird and senseless story less better. Just the typical slasher-genre with in this case very odd action. Many by-plays destroy partly the main story and let the viewers up to the end into the dark),-1.3
(,"This film has a very simple but somehow very bad plot. The entire movie is about a girl getting sucked through a gate to another dimension then years later it gets opened again by a witch while a group of friends (including the lead actor who is having trouble getting over his ex girlfriend who is one of the other campers along with her new partner... another girl... that's right they're lesbians and there is some nudity of course for no particular reason). Unfortunately demon follows the now adult girl back through. Also unfortunately),-2.0
(,"This show has shown it's true colors now that Democrats are in power. It never did lead the world in IQ as anyone who thought it has intelligence has been programmed to think one way (which is a scary thing).<br /><br />Comedy Central moved this & it's spin off back to an earlier time once the Democrats took power for a reason- because now when the Democrats screw up - which is just as often as Republicans do - Stewart no longer takes pot shots at them. That is why the ratings for both this & the spin are dropping.<br /><br />Basically),-0.3333333333333333
(,"About the baby: Why wasn't big brother assuming he'd be hungry for a bottle or some nourishment or a diaper change? He should have been screaming non-stop after that many hours without care. Definitely stupid to take the baby from a safe place when he didn't need to.<br /><br />And why was the road miraculously clear whenever anyone wanted to drive somewhere? Didn't any uprooted trees fall on the roads and block them?<br /><br />I can't imagine the cops at the roadblock not immediately following after any young person who would crash it),-0.5714285714285714
(,"Bestselling writer George Plimpton(Alan Alda)takes on an assignment for Sports Illustrated. He is to go incognito to the Detroit Lions training camp and try out for a position as third string Quarterback. He is quickly found out by the team members featuring Alex Karras and Mike Lucci. The entire team finds it amusing to cause stumbling blocks in the writer's determination to Quarterback for a series in a real game.<br /><br />This movie is Alda's debut and also helped Karras leave the gridiron for acting. Besides the 1968 Detroit Lions),-1.0
(,"STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning <br /><br />James Dial (Wesley Snipes) is hiding out on his ranch in Montana after failing to capture a notorious terrorist. Then he's approached by the agency again to travel to London to have another go. His target has been apprehended there and is under heavy police protection- but they don't want him merely to capture their man- they want him taken out. All goes well but then the mission gets botched and when a senior police chief),-0.6
(,"The ""old dark house"" sub-genre that dominated the early talkies rarely fails to disappoint when we re-view the oldies to-day. Here is one that provides so very many suspicious characters you have to wonder how they will be able to tie up all the loose ends in the 6 reel running time.<br /><br />The Crooked Circle is a gang of counterfeiters and thieves who have decided to take revenge on Col. Walters (Berton Churchill) who has sent one of their ranks to prison. They decide he must die that very night. Meanwhile the Colonel's own group),-2.3333333333333335
(,"This is by far my favorite action movie. But what makes it work is not the elaborate Renny Harlin explosions and shoot-em-ups. It's the Shane Black script and its deft delivery by Geena Davis and Samuel L. Jackson.<br /><br />The chemistry between the two principals merited a sequel. Thank God it was never made. Too much danger of marring the original.<br /><br />'The Long Kiss' checkerboards from quotable scene to action scene to quotable scene and back again. Never a dull moment. <br /><br />This has to be Jackson's funniest role ever),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I went to Crooked Earth to see a piece of New Zealand. What I found was a badly scripted and badly acted echo of the people I know.<br /><br />Great moments between characters  including many of Temuera Morrison and Lawrences Makoares scenes together  were often ruined by long and wordy monologues that the actors were forced to stumble through. Beautiful and ill-fitting phrases rattled away from Lawrence in particular as if he were the new Maori Messiah at his pulpit of beer crates.<br /><br />When watching any film with Maori actors),-2.25
(,"It is hard to believe that anyone could take such a great book and and make such a terrible movie.<br /><br />Imagine King Kong being recast as an organ grinder's monkey and Fay Wray's part being played by a young boy. How about Elton John as Rambo!!!!.This movie is even worse than the TV remake of The Night of the Hunter.<br /><br />By using the title Watchers and Dean Koontz's name the makers of this movie should be sued for fraud by readers of the book who expected a reasonably accurate adaptation of the book.<br /><br />Read the book),-1.6
(,"Nightscream is a TV Movie so it's bound to be pretty dire especially as it's a supposed horror film. This young girl is haunted by dreams as she arrives in a small town where there was a murder of a woman one year before. She is amazed when everyone in the town thinks she looks exactly like the murdered girl. The townsfolk are amazed when she keeps entering dream like trances where she reveals accurate details about the murder and murderer because the police got it all wrong apparently. Thinking that they are in danger of being found out),-0.2857142857142857
(,"1st watched 2/16/2002 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Arne Glimcher): Mystery??/Thriller with too many ridiculous plot twists. Despite the very talented cast this movie is way too predictable and just downright under-estimates it's audience. The movie-going public is not stupid and I hope will not keep filling certain stars pockets again and again despite what they are involved with. We think that this movie is going to be about something with Connery's conviction against capitol punishment in the beginning but it turns out to be nothing but a standard),-0.5
(,"Crackerjack is a simple but feelgood movie where the good guys are very good and the bad guys are very bad and the central character is tempted by both sides.<br /><br />The combination of the central character being played by Mick Malloy and the central setting being the local lawn bowls clubs drew an unusually broad crowd ranging from large numbers of teenagers to large numbers of senior citizens - and all laughed at the comedy.<br /><br />As would be expected of a movie with Mick Malloy and Judith Lucy there was quite a bit of swearing),-0.16666666666666666
(,"Mom has to be one of the all time uncomfortable movies to watch. It features an elderly lady you would love to have as your Nanny who becomes the nastiest mother f***ing monster you would ever want to meet on a dark night!<br /><br />This supper Nanny eats the inners of a young lady at the opening of the movie and it just gets sicker as it goes on. A cross between the howling and brain dead seem to come to mind when describing Mom!<br /><br />A must for horror fans who have the stomach for it (if you have watched re-animator or brain dead),-0.8
(,"Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare (1991) was the last film to feature Freddy Krueger as a solo act (not as an entity or a co-star). The years of killing have taken a toll upon the town of Springwood. It has gotten to the point that the little city has become a virtual ghost town. The parents who killed Freddy Krueger so many years ago have all paid the ultimate price. Only the mad inhabit the town and the survivors are scattered everywhere. But that doesn't stop Freddy from seeking out his final revenge. No matter how they try to stop him),-1.5714285714285714
(,"Looking at these reviews and seeing all these high ratings leave me to believe that large amounts of red corn syrup will please just about any brain dead idiot. This movie is beyond useless. All the cliché's of a slasher film without any substance. I am sure I could go in to details about the movie but why bother when you can sum it up? Obviously everyone wants Mandy Lane and she apparently wants none of the guys. Throughout the movie you will see this.<br /><br />When she stops being friends to the typical boy trapped in friend-zone loser),-1.5714285714285714
(,"Love sublime says the title. Another blurb during the promotions of the film talked about inner vs external beauty. Well in this case the beauty - you decide inner or external - is provided by scantily clad (or is that scantily dressed/ undressed) Zeenat Aman who the director Raj Kapoor called ""a volcano of talent"" while the film was being made. One can't accuse him of sarcasm of course - after all he was promoting his own film.<br /><br />The paper thin plot is about a woman with a disfigured face who has a - er - well proportioned body ),-0.5
(,"I had always eyed Italian horror maestro Dario Argento's efforts as producer with a certain suspicion and these were only confirmed after my fairly recent viewing of Lamberto Bava's terrible DEMONS (1985); the fact that this was supposed to be its third installment did not sound promising at all but I decided to give the film a rental regardless now that we're in full Halloween swing. I checked out the theatrical trailer on the Anchor Bay DVD prior to viewing the main feature  the undeniably striking visuals had me intrigued to be sure but),-1.0
(,"Mr. Bean is just a bunch of unfunny slapstick humour. It is the most shallow humour TV series ever made in history. The scenes are often disgusting and the horrible canned laughter sends chills through the spine. Mr. bean is a selfish and rude character and one can only sympathies how pathetic he is. It is incredible that such a TV series of low quality can be sustained for 5 years. It is a complete waste of time to watch even 1 episode and one can't help but to express disgust and pity why Rowen had portrayed himself as such a 2-dimensional),-1.4444444444444444
(,"This movie certainly is a weird one to say the least. The basic plot is 3 old business associates invite 2 strangers into their home for returning a lost wallet with 10 bucks in it. The two whom show up fall in love. The 3 older business men die and come back as ghosts to try to help the two younger guests out. Okay so that may make sense but then we have 3 old guys whom apparently have some bread living together..slightly weird here...Harry Carey plays his part way off base you can't tell if he is a nice guy or really a prick. I mean really),-0.5714285714285714
(,"What can I say about Ocean's Twelve? Who thought that it would ever come to this? A gigantic mess that loses itself halfway and can't retrace. I found myself amazed at how bad this really was. Really! I have never seen the ending properly because this film is just insufferable. I'm a huge fan of the first but this is a lame excuse for a sequel. <br /><br />What was the point of the heist if they were going to give the money back? The movie is just boring and so drag along that I can't ever sit through this. It really is bad. Just stay as far),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Camera work - Why is the camera work in this movie so jumpy? This is annoying and distracting. Editing - the Flashes of the still pictures were way too short. Many of the other scenes were too short also. Just flashes. Sound - the background music was way too loud and covered up the voices. One should not have to rewind and replay to catch what was said. Doesn't anybody check these things and make them do it over again. Please reduce the volume of the background music in future. Is adjustment of the relative sound levels the job of the editor),-2.0
(,"I absolutely hate the idea of made for television films . For me TVMs usually involve Jane Seymour or Jaclyn Smith as the mother of a sick child who is dying of a difficult to treat disease all done in such a sugary manner that the audience doesn`t need tissues it needs insulin . So when DEADLY VOYAGE a made for TV film by the BBC and HBO based on a true story I vaguely remembered from a couple of years previously turned up on the TV schedules I sat down waiting to be bored senseless . I was surprised.<br /><br />No strike that last sentence ),-1.2857142857142858
(,"I dug this out and watched it tonight. I honestly think it must be 20 years since the last time I saw it. I remember it being a seriously flawed film. I don't remember it being THIS bad!!!!!<br /><br />I am absolutely aghast that a project with this much potential should have been mistreated so reprehensibly. Who am I to blame for this? The 2 guys who wrote (and I use that word loosely) the script? The casting directors who so terribly miscast at least 3 major characters in the story? (Only 2 of them are among ""the amazing 5"".) The director),-0.75
(,"Man this thing bites! I am sorry I ever sat down and watched it! Friedkin was insane for making a film attempting to win over the viewers sympathy for this lunatic If it were up to me I'd have made the audience hate that low life instead of getting all misty eyed over him! He killed people! Quite grizzly I might add too! And Friedkin wants you to feel sorry for him because he's ""not right""! I say Friedkin can forget it! I hate the guy this movie is partly based on and hope they did wise up and give his sorry butt the juice!!! In a nut shell),-0.8333333333333334
(,"This movie is mostly crap and the only reason this movie is worth watching is because Jean-Claud Vam Damme stars in this movie.There are some good action scenes in this movie and the best ones are at the end of the movie.<br /><br />The acting in this movie is so bad and its the worst acting i have ever seen and the 2 actors Bill Goldberg and Michael Jai White Can not act at ALL.And this movie by far has to be one of Jean-Claud Vam Dammes worst movies he has done and if u what to watch him in one of his great movies u should watch Blood sport),-0.125
(,"WAQT is a perfect example of a chicken soup not exactly for your soul. The broth unfortunately has lost its actual taste thanks to all the excess dilution and garnishing that went into its making.<br /><br />What's surprising and disappointing about WAQT is that it comes from a director who stayed away from the usual clichés of Hindi cinema in his first venture but who in his second outing gives in for all the stereotype film formulas. While Vipul Shah had the conviction to show something as implausible as blind men robbing a bank in AANKHEN),-0.5
(,"I cannot believe this show was okay-ed. First off J.P. Manoux does a horrible job filling in for David Spade and Pacha's voice is too deep compared to John Goodman's. The theme song is so annoying and the plots of the episodes are so stupid!!! The only good thing about this show is that Eartha Kitt and Patrick Warburton remain as the voices of Yzma and Kronk. This show is a waste of money and a waste of your time. Half of the episodes are copied of the movie. In my opinion The Emperor's New Groove was one of the best children's movies in years),-0.16666666666666666
(,"It beats me how anyone can rate this film very highly. It is no understatement to call it far fetched. How the guy managed in such a short space of time to construct a wooden maze of underground rooms is quite ridiculous or maybe he was the greatest carpenter since Jesus. The obese sheriff played by Hoyt Axton looked like a refugee from the Jerry Springer show and I found the blonde female lead Jennifer Jason Leigh rather plain. We have an expression here in the U.K. 'mutton done up as lamb' which suits her perfectly. It wasn't all bad however),-0.4
(,"John Boorman's ""Deliverance"" concerns four suburban Atlanta dwellers who take a ride down the swift waters of the Cahulawassee The river is about to disappear for a dam construction and the flooding of the last untamed stretches of land <br /><br />The four friends emphasize different characters: a virile sports enthusiast who has never been insured in his life since there is no specific risk in it (Burt Reynolds); a passionate family man and a guitar player (Ronny Cox); an overweight bachelor insurance salesman (Ned Beatty); and a quiet),-0.16666666666666666
(,"Raising victor Vargas is just a bad film. No amount of denial or ad-dollar supported publicity with change this sad fact.<br /><br />Maybe Peter Sollett saw he didn't have the money to do the movie he wanted to make and decided to take the easy way out by making a bad film that cynically apes the tenets of current ""edgy film-making"". Maybe he just doesn't know any better. It's hard to tell.<br /><br />What's not hard to tell is the result. Except for a few viewers who will intellectualize the bad film-making into an attempt at pseudo-realism),-1.25
(,"Devil's Experiment: 1/10: Hardcore porn films fall into two categories those with a semblance of plot (Gee that is one lucky pizza boy) and those without (Anal Amateurs 36). Devil's Experiment falls solidly into the latter category. <br /><br />It is of course the horror version of hardcore porn. An almost completely plot less 43-minute wait for the money shot. Shot on video in 1985 it consists of three relatively non-descript Japanese boys torturing one fairly unattractive Japanese girl. The tortures range from the banal (slapping her 50 times),-1.6666666666666667
(,"For the people who have compared this TRASH to the brilliance of David Lynch etc... please listen to your carer when they say... DONT USE OTHER PEOPLE'S PC WITHOUT THEIR PERMISSION! <br /><br />This is complete and UTTER POO! There is NO art here. This is some person trying to make a name for himself with a cluster of gross out ideas which he was not clever enough to enforce into ONE main idea so instead he went for the easy option. <br /><br />Any one with half a brain could sit at home and conjure up some controversial images to shock viewers),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I will keep this as short as possible as this piece of crap barely warrants a mention. ZOMBIE 90 is one of the worst films ever made - right up there with Schnaas' other horrible zombie entry - ZOMBIE DOOM (aka VIOLENT SH!T 3). These films suck so bad that everyone involved in their creation should be shot. I somehow managed (barely...) to sit through ZOMBIE DOOM - but ZOMBIE 90 is so horribly inept - even when compared to Schnaas' other horrible film - that I had to fast-forward through everything after the first 10 minutes. ZERO acting skills),-3.0
(,"Randall ""Memphis"" Raines is a retired master car thief who is forced back into the ""game"" when his younger brother faces death for not filling an order for British crime boss Raymond Calitri. The job involves ""lifting"" 50 cars in 24 hours or Calitri will enact his punishment. So Raines quickly assembles a crew he can trust and sets about the task to hand. But the police are on to him and some of the cars on the list are not easy takes. It would seem a near impossible job to complete.<br /><br />It's got quite a cast has Gone In 60 Seconds),-0.8
(,"Apartmente'L is one of the most interesting movies that I have ever seen. I experienced extreme frustration while watching this movie as I was gunning for the two leads to reunite. That never happened in the end which disappointed me to no end. But the ending lends an even more cynical touch to a generally cynical movie. It is not a movie which people are likely to rewatch but one watch itself will have a deep impact on people. As of now I haven't rewatched the movie and I don't think I will.<br /><br />The story follows the experiences of a man),-1.1666666666666667
(,"This is one of the worse movies that I have ever seen in my entire life. I wish I could travel back in time and do the following:<br /><br />1) Find out where the ""movie"" ""War Games- The Dead Code"" was filmed 2) Watch the original WAR GAMES with my current computer knowledge AND the eyes of a 1983 preteen. 3) Break into the pentagon computer in the 80's with the knowledge and perspective learned and remembered. 4) Reprogram the WHOPPER to NUKE the location of THE DEAD CODE minutes prior to its first day of filming 5) Come back to the present),-1.0
(,"I gave this film an 10/10 with some reluctance as it's hard to praise something that so haunted and terrified me for years. The sheer menace on the woman in black's face is just pure horror and the accompanying music just worsens the dread. <br /><br />I saw this when it was first on TV when I was 10 and it really did disturb me for years. I'm fascinated by the fact that so many other users have said this too. So many movie reviews go on about how disturbing or terrifying a film might be but you can believe all those who have posted on this board),-1.0
(,"It's not just that this is a bad movie; it's not only that four of the ""best"" Mexican movie makers are in this film; and it's not only that the script is terrible. It's just that...this movie sucks...big time. This people are wasting money in terrible scripts. It's supposed to make a criticism about Mexican society but we're fed up with this kind of films. Is bad language supposed to be funny? I don't get it. Mexican cinema is in big trouble if this kind of movies are going to continue playing (and being written and produced).<br /><br />Please),-0.7
(,"SPOILER!!!! Mind Ripper hmmmm.... I had just watched the nightmare on elm street movies and had just found out about Giovanni Ribisi. I thought Giovanni Ribisi hadnt done any horrors so I checked into it. I saw ""the outpost"" (mind ripper) I checked on my Tivo for it. There was an air date on Sci Fi. So I was set. I got my pop corn ready came in and set on the couch and what the hell is this? A freakin bold guy in blue sweat pants running around yelling! Nothing is scary about this movie at all! If anything its funny! Funny how low the budget is),-1.3333333333333333
(,"CRAP! I accidentally watched this film-thinking that it was the Swimming Upstream that was released in 2003. I seriously regret wasting an hour of my life sitting through it. Shame on whoever gave this junk an award. I thoroughly loathed this film-in fact I didn't see it through to the end. After an hour I could no longer stand it. I am disgusted that people are amused by such a lousy script-which tries and fails to rip off a dozen other human interest stories and such BA-AD acting. PAINFUL. I rate it 1 star out of 10. An amateur could make a much),-1.2222222222222223
(,"Disappearance is about a couple who take their family on vacation in New Mexico and find themselves in deep trouble after taking a detour off the main highway to visit a town that was seemingly abandoned in 1948 for unknown reasons. The town of Weaver seems harmless at first and has tourist appeal until the family is stranded there overnight and they begin to have good reason to suspect that others have experienced their same predicament with fatal outcomes. The Henleys watch a Blair-Witch-Project-esquire video diary left by the town's last victim),-1.0
(,"Unless you want to be bored half to death. I've never been a fan of Gus Van Sant and as part of what previous posters have described as the new youth generation i was very disappointed and slightly angry at the stereotypical depiction of the characters in the film especially as they were used to string along the film's ridiculous storyline which is pretty much enforcing to the viewing masses that skateboarders are social rejects and should be blamed for crimes. As a skater myself i watch a lot of skate films and the filming during the skate scenes),-0.8888888888888888
(,"Audiences today will probably watch a film like Ossessione and not really consider how unprecedented it was during the time when it came out. The structure of the film really divorces from sap-happy Hollywood conventionsas well as other major theatrical elements. It relies more upon depicting reality in a very grim and sober light. Films of this naturethe neo-realist filmswere made to reflect the darkness felt during post-World War II times. Ossessione tackles some fairly provocative issues that were probably unseen on screen prior to the war),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I just didn't get this movie...Was it a musical? no..but there were choreographed songs and dancing in it...<br /><br />Was it a serious drama....no the acting was not good enough for that.<br /><br />Is Whoopi Goldberg a quality serious Actor..Definently not.<br /><br />I had difficulty staying awake through this disjointed movie. The message on apartheid and the ""tribute"" to the students who died during a student uprosing is noted. But as entertainment this was very poor and as a documentary style movie it was worse.<br /><br />See for yourself),-1.0
(,"I watched this movie last night and hoped for the best after watching all the cool trailers.Even the cover of the DVD looked good.As soon as I started watching it I was thinking like others ""oh my God whats this"".There were some moments that were a bit creepy but then the mood was ruined by stupid music.There was rock and opera during what is supposed to be suspenseful scenes.That right there ruined it for me and i was shaking my head thinking damn I wasted money again on a rental and was deceived by the cover art.Nothing against the music itself),-1.0
(,"Weak tale of an evil warlock who is searching for a centuries old satanic Bible so that he can do Lucifer's bidding by undoing creation. Hot in pursuit all the way is a 17th Centruy bounty hunter named Redfern and his reluctant sidekick Kassandra. Sound like a load of bunkum? It is.<br /><br />This drivel from writer D.T. Twohy gets the superficial treatment it deserves from director Steve Miner (who helmed that romantic nonsense ""Forever Young""). Twohy obviously knows nothing about true evil.<br /><br />Julian Sands just flies around and cackles),-0.25
(,"It's hard to imagine in this day and age how popular and how much of an impact a Norwegian immigrant and would be chemist had on the American public and how much of a national tragedy his sudden death in 1931 was viewed. But Knute Rockne was an extraordinary individual who both revolutionized and popularized college football and put a small obscure Catholic college on the map.<br /><br />I've heard clips of Rockne's famous pep talks and it is uncanny how Pat O'Brien got the voice and the inflection perfectly. In what turned out to be his career role),-0.5
(,"Pay no attention to the comments behind the curtain! The majority of people leaving positive comments about this film must be receiving royalties. This is a horrible film in every way. Imagine high school kids with no money and no sense of humor making a slasher/comedy video. They would receive a D for this. College kids would receive an F or asked to leave the school. Since this monstrosity was made by ""Professionals"" I believe there should be jail time or at least cinema probation. I enjoy watching bad movies Like ""Plan 9 From Outer Space"" but),-0.4444444444444444
(,"I think that people are under estimating this incredible film. People are seeing it as a typical horror movie that is set out to scare us and prevent us from getting some sleep. Which if it was trying to do then it would deservedly get a 1/10 but i viewed this film with a few friends and we found it very entertaining and though it was a good movie after all it does have Stephanie beaton. This is the reason why i think that it deserves the 10/10 for the pure entertainment of the film.<br /><br />The general view on this movie is that it has bad acting),-0.2
(,"It wasn't good. The characters were underdeveloped and the only personality were from the memories I had of the previous movie which contrasted with the 'new' personalities (or lack thereof). I seriously thought the opening scene was a nightmare by Ariel because of how absurd it was. It was serious. It just reminded me of all the annoying characters on the Disney channel-everyone is hyperactive and the story jumps from action to embarrassing scenes without any really connection.<br /><br />The most disappointing part was the horrible songs-not catchy),-2.2
(,"Every time this film is on the BBC somebody in the Radio Times says how it is a satire against the post war world of rationing and the welfare state. I do not think this is the point of the film at all. The film parodies the spivs(small time criminals who ran the blackmarket) and the housewives league who campaigned against government restrictions but were really a Tory front organisation.<br /><br />Yes of course the film sends up the political/social situation but in the end the people realise that they need all the controls to ensure a fair society),-0.5
(,"I saw that when I was little and it was excellent. Kelsey White as Lisa and the Meecy Mices where cute. Susan Bonde as Doodle and Sandra Dee Heidecke as Snoodle where Hilarius. Karen Boettcher-Tate as Profster was interesting. Burl Ross as Little Bunny Foo Foo was funny. Gregory Donavon as Kaiso was brilliant. Whats Hilarius that Snoodle and Doodle eat too much candy. Whats sad that Little Bunny Foo Foo that bops the Meecy Mices on the head then by a fairy will give Little Bunny Foo Foo few wishes then he turns into goon. This story is about when Lisa),-0.5
(,"Couple having financial trouble gets a box delivered to their door. If they push the button they get a million dollars but someone they don't know will die. Do they push the button? <br /><br />This is an odd film based on a Richard Matheson short story has a few chills but mostly is a messy affair. The trouble is that there is so much going on it feels as though writer director Richard Kelly didn't know what sort of movie he was making. Is this a straight out horror film with supernatural overtones? At times it seems like it with talk of moral choices),-0.6
(,"The movie is plain bad. Simply awful. The string of bad movies from Bollywood has no end! They must be running out of excuses for making such awful movies (or not).<br /><br />The problem seems to be with mainly the directors. This movie has 2 good actors who have proved in the past that the have the ability to deliver great performance...but they were directed so poorly. The poor script did not help either.<br /><br />This movie has plenty of ridiculous moments and very bad editing in the first half. For instance :<br /><br />After his 1st big concert),-0.5
(,"Alleged ""scream queen"" Debbie Rochon and her group of frontier prostitutes travel west to the title location and encounter grisly killings that turn out to be the work of a cult of ex-Confederate psychopaths attempting to resurrect the south through pointless massacre.<br /><br />Action and suspense take a backseat to loads of boring dialog and uninteresting character development.<br /><br />Billy Drago is good in the thankless (not to mention pointless) role of the town mortician but everything else about this wannabe slasher western is extremely poor),-1.0
(,"The Movie is not bad in itself...till you see the original movie Hitch(2005) starring Will Smith. The movie is a straight copy with even the dialogs for most part of the movie simply translated from English to Hindi! The plot in the original is tightly executed. The Hindi version fails to keep the viewers interested. The over-the-top kind of comedy of David Dhawan seems to have gone overboard with Govinda hysterically shouting at all times...sometimes more time is spent in understanding the reason for that than the plot. :)<br /><br />If you know English),-0.2
(,"This is by the far worst piece of cr4p I've ever seen in my life. It barely made sense. It wasn't scary at all (unless you class scary as loud noises and screaming?) Sarah-Michelle Gellar needs to stop with these sh1tty horror films. I think everyone else in the cinema agreed with me when i shouted ""SHITE"" when the credits rolled up. <br /><br />On my list of the worst movies ever made this is how it would go:<br /><br />1. The Return 2. Cabin Fever 3. Silent Hill<br /><br />The reason i made Silent Hill 3rd is because it showed some frightening scenes),-1.8571428571428572
(,"This movie was laughably bad. A friend rented it from Netflix and made me watch it. There are so many gaffes and goofs that it's impossible to even bother getting to know the characters and the plot. How about these for example...<br /><br />The ""Vermont Airport"" surrounded by palm trees<br /><br />Ben's miraculously appearing shirt during a phone conversation<br /><br />The priest's palatial office... complete with a folding card table desk<br /><br />There is a decent story hidden behind a very bad movie. But even if you look past the technical flaws),-2.5
(,"I watched full house when I was younger and I can not understand why I did. I don't remember really enjoying the show. I think I and the majority of Americans watching this were hypnotized by its badness. It will put you in a trance state and there is no going back. I am still scarred but I try to move on. I know it's a family show but that does not mean it has to be SO bad. The show is SO cliché with every episode ending with a ""talk"" from the dad to make everyone's problems go away. The characters on the show are all loathsome. There is a know it all),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie shows how racist John Singleton is. He portrays whites and other races that are not black as the evil that exists in our educational system. How quick he forgets that it is this same educational system that made him what he is and failed at it. Ice Cube's character is the epitome of an instigating black man that was responsible for most of the violence in this film. Singleton barely touched on the relationships between the white and black characters that were trying to reach out to each other. When Omar Epps says "" I need to be with my people""),-1.3333333333333333
(,"What could have been an excellent hostage movie was totally ruined by what apparently looks like a bored director ... there were so many directions that the movie could have taken ... a vampire slash-fest was not one of these!!! The last 45 mins. or so results in the movie being an absolutely ridiculous waste of time. ...and sex machine?? ... you gotta be kidding me! The acting talents of the likes of Juliette Lewis and Harvey Keitel (not to mention George Clooney) are completely wasted in this nonsensical movie. <br /><br />The director... Robert Rodriguez),-0.375
(,"The Best Years of Our Life is often compared to It's a Wonderful Life. They never should be. Their only commonality is the desire to make a serious comment about a war that took millions of lives. It is hard to know what value individual life may have. (How many people know that 1 in 22 people lost their lives violently in the last century? What a statistic we have to live with.) Also our feelings about war have changed in 60 years. We have progressively moved from thinking that war is just if the enemy is the right one to believing that no war is totally just),-1.5555555555555556
(,"Having listened to and enjoyed Harvey Bernhard's Omen II commentary I was shocked to discover he was also behind this absolute piece of rubbish. It's like a really bad TV movie you might glimpse in the middle of the day when you have the flu and are too ill to reach the remote. I think at the bit where Michael Lerner is confronted by what I can only describe as a high school cast of Les Miserables my mouth hung open in disbelief. And then my mouth was going up and down because I was laughing so much. Dire. I don't know why I have to write a minimum of ten lines),-0.7142857142857143
(,"How is this a documentary? Much more like a walking ghost tour one might take in any given Southern city. Quotes were generously dropped throughout without the first effort at identifying the source. George Orwell was the most identified quoter. <br /><br />Documents were referred to without ever being produced in any form. Flat out fraudulent shots depicting period film stock were spliced aside historical film reels with no separation from reality and self-promotion. Film reels which were entirely unrealistic and improbable for the time at hand were dropped in),-1.0
(,"If you watch this movie you'll be quoting it and referring to it for a long time to come. It's been years since I saw Dolemite and I still quote it to this day. It's a true classic. It is so mind-numbingly awful that it makes a hilarious view. Every terrible line of dialogue is totally amazing. Every wobbly shot a work of art(?). And every punch and kick so woefully executed. You won't believe your eyes. It's all I can say. If I really get into how mesmerizing this movie is I won't be able to stop and I'll go way over the IMDb 1000-word limit.<br /><br />Please),-0.6
(,"This film has a really weird mixture of genres - toilet humour and action in one. It doesn't really pull it off - it should have stuck to one genre. The best thing I can say about the movie is that the dog in it is cute.<br /><br />The most disturbing sequence is in the middle of the film when Moses (Sandler) and Carter (Wayans) decide to stop off at a hunting lodge/motel. I'm not quite sure what the point of this sequence is - it just seems gratuitous in the extreme. The proprietor of the hunting lodge (""Charlie"") is a very nerdy looking guy. For some reason),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I watched this film mistakenly thinking that it was that other radio station zombie flick. The shonky production values and low-rent cast soon gave away that this was another one of the those cheap sci-fi channel style knock offs.<br /><br />The central performance from Bill Moseley is initially quite engaging as the dubious radio shock jock but as the film goes on becomes less and less convincing as he is actually required to act. The rest of the cast have little to do other than look concerned and have no depth whatsoever.<br /><br />The cinematography is dull),-1.75
(,"The review on the main page admits that the movie is horrible but that you should forgive it because it is nicely violent. No you shouldn't. There are spoilers at the end of this review but how I can ""spoil"" this rotten movie I have no idea. Even if you are a die hard Alien/Pred fan like I am wait for the DVD. It isn't worth a 3.99 rental either but you'll be much less inclined to truly hate this film if you pay that than 12 bucks or better per person plus concession purchases at a theater.<br /><br />In the theater I watched AVPr there were exactly two laughs),-0.15384615384615385
(,"This movie doesn't have an awful lot to do with it's predecessor ""Robot Jox"". This must be also the reason why its most common name is ""Robot Wars"" and not the alternate name ""Robot Jox 2: Robot Wars"".<br /><br />""Robot Jox"" was basically a fun movie to watch because it had a nice premise of giant robots battling each other in the near future. This concept has been abandoned for this movie and instead it features a totally dull story that besides isn't very original or cleverly written. A shame it tried to be so much different from its predecessor really),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This movie is about six men who are assigned to transport money from bank to businesses. Ty Hackett (Columbus Short) was in Iraq for the war serving his country and now just is being helped out making a living by his friend Mike Cochrone (Matt Dillon) making sure he does not loose his house. Mike tells him that this wasn't the life his parents were expecting for him and he should be living a better life than he is now with his brother Jimmy Hackett (Andre Kinney). Telling Ty that him and Jimmy have always been family to him and would do anything to help them out),-0.25
(,"If asked how I would define the word "" Shallow "" I would reply "" Watch a Jerry Bruckheimer production "" . If asked how I would define the phrase "" Wasted potential "" I would reply "" Watch a Jerry Bruckheimer production "" . Bruckheimer productions are nearly always sure fire hits at the box office but nearly always receive critical pannings from the critics . Off the top of my head I can only think of AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN and BLACK HAWK DOWN getting a lot of critical acclaim . <br /><br />CRIMSON TIDE too received some begrudging acclaim from critics ),-1.0
(,"Just finished watching this movie as it were playing on TV and I did'nt have anything else to do. Went right here to IMDb too look on the trivia page and happened to glance at the user comments. And what do I find? Every dumb idiot raises this movie to the sky! I would'nt even have written anything but when no one else takes the time to spread the word about this suck-ass movie I thought that I could.<br /><br />The acting sucked from pretty much everyone in the cast. The worst one was the guy playing Brian Wilson (think I got the name right) as he were overacting),-1.8
(,"The First Power (1990) was a terrible film that came out during the late 80's/ early 90's era of cheaply made horror films. I found this movie very boring but extremely hilarious in some parts. This movie lacks so much sense and credibility that it ain't even funny. The swift justice system in this film makes Texas look weak by comparison. Lou Diamond Phillips is in way over his head with this role (he plays a hard-boiled cop) and Tracey Griffith (Melanie's more attractive sister) plays a psychic. Don't waste your time with this one because it's bad. What a minute),-0.42857142857142855
(,"This was a disappointment - none of the nuance of the original. The Brits just seem to be able to make a truly unsettling film with none of the over-the-top histrionics of the American version. The original series combined both creepy stories and subtlety of performance with great attention to lighting and settings. I have watched the series many times and am still enthralled.<br /><br />Just another poor adaptation along the lines of the dreadful adaptation of ""Cracker"". Get hooked up with BBC America or BBC Canada and watch for such delights as Waking the Dead),-0.2
(,"The movie Titanic makes it much more then just a ""night to remember."" It re writes a tragic history event that will always be talked about and will never been forgotten. Why so criticised? I have no idea. Could/will they ever make a movie like Titanic that is so moving and touching every time you watch it. Could they ever replace such an epic masterpiece. It will be almost impossible.<br /><br />The director no doubt had the major impact on the film. A simple disaster film (boring to watch) converted to an unbelievable romance. Yes I'm not the Romance type either),-1.125
(,"The movie shocked me. Personally i had herd mostly bad buzz. Well finally after owning the DVD for months now i pooped it in on a sleepless night. though the movie did drag the extra footage was used with purpose the seriousness of his passion and his recovery from addition to the game would have been less realistic if they had left out any scenes. The best thing about the movie is it's consistency with the relationship. There were no ex's popping up or characters threatening the relationship. I mean typically we see the girl meets boy by some amazing twist of fate),-0.2857142857142857
(,"This movie is awful. At the end of it you will realize that several hours have been stolen from your life that you can't get back. The ""twist"" ending is very contrived. The character development leading up to this ending is not consistent with their final actions at the conclusion. Ninety minutes of preparation-- with the premise that the Rob Lowe character will die on Christmas Eve-- is explained away in literally ninety seconds of ""No we were just tricking you."" Then the Rob Lowe character is not even upset about it! ""I will forgive you if you can forgive me),-1.0
(,"First off - this film will not be for everybody. There are scenes of extreme graphic violence and ""disturbing"" images that by their nature alone will turn off many possible potential viewers. Obviously from the reviews on this board - SUBCONSCIOUS CRUELTY has divided those that have seen it. I'm among the ones who liked it very much for several different reasons. I feel this was a very ambitious (and quite competently pulled off...) undertaking for a bunch of 18/19 year olds with no budget and little experience. I think that each aspect of the film - the direction),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Yesterday I saw the movie Flyboys and my girlfriend told me it was the worst movie she's ever seen... Since I thought it was pretty awful as well it got me thinking - which film was the worst film I had ever seen and this was the only film that came to mind.<br /><br />Unfortunately it was a couple of years since I've seen it but I remember the horribly miscast Dean Cain as cocky military man (pretty boy Cain doesn't do cocky very well). The strange deal with the CGI-helicopter when it would probably be cheaper to rent a chopper than to hire some CGI-guys to make it),-1.5
(,"Based on the book ""Space Vampires"" by Colin Wilson. This is (in my humble opinion) one of the best pieces of Sci-Fi Horror to come out of the eighties. The effects (done by ILM) still hold up by todays standards. The actors are mostly British and being british seem to give this film a greater depth of realism.<br /><br /> The film was panned by the critics and sadly failed to do well at the box office on both sides of the atlantic. Tobe Hooper blamed the promotional work that was done before its release as the main cause for it's low takings. But for whatever reason),-0.3333333333333333
(,"King of the Underworld features an early role for Humphery Bogart in one of his many gangster roles.<br /><br />He plays Joe Gurney who uses a female doctor to treat his men and pays her for it. He follows her when she goes to live with her Auntie after one of Gurney's men kills her doctor husband who also worked for him. Gurney kidnaps an author on his way to find the female doctor and gets him to write his life story and he then plans to kill him. He finally meets up with the doctor and after she gives Gurney and his men a substance that makes them temporarily blind),-2.3333333333333335
(,"The only reason I'm even giving this movie a 4 is because it was made in to an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000. The horrible direction is only slightly overshadowed by the characters complete inability to act. The lead is an actor i have never seen in anything else and it shows. No chemistry with the love interest and so bland you almost don't care what happens to him. Dick Sargent was not convincing as a villain least of all this guy was suppose to be super evil...he was more annoying then anything. Peter Graves was the only person the movie that wasn't awful),-0.125
(,"1st watched 5/26/2002 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Michael Almereyda): Weird story about a druid witch who tries to capture eternity by inheriting her granddaughter's body. At least I think that was the relationship. A kind of eerie quality is held throughout this film not unlike Stephen King's The Shining. The difference is that there was campiness in Nicholson's performance that isn't at all in this film. This is all taken very seriously until near the end when some lame one-liners and attempts at litening up the mood don't work at all. The performances are not the problem here),-1.0
(,"Kennan Ivory Wayans was so funny in Low Down Dirty Shame that I had to see this one and it was one of the worst he has done and Steven Seagal didn't help much. It starts off with some odd religious killings that don't make much sense to Jim Campbell (Keenan). He is surprised to see a new partner waiting for him to work by his side to crack the case but Jack Cole doesn't seem to be who everyone thinks he is until Jack's ex wife is killed in one of those ritual killings that end up making him the suspect as well. It's the same thing as all of his other movies: Smoke past),-0.5
(,"Largely forgettable monster film from the 50s features truly awful special effects -- the ""claw"" in question is a giant puppet that would make Jim Henson want to kill himself. I just saw the movie last Thursday and I can't even tell you who was in it. That's a bad sign. I'm told that when the movie premiered audiences laughed it off the screen.... and that was in the 50s when standards in special effects were much lower. Basically I should have walked out of the theater as soon as the words ""produced by Sam Katzman"" came on the screen if I knew what was good for me),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This movie is by far the worst movie ever made. If you have to create a film costarring the guy who plays Lars in heavyweights than don't make the damn film. I have to say that I could watch Leprechaun in Space 6 times before I could watch the trailer for this POS of a movie. Adam sandler should be restricted from any movie after this disgrace. Watching this movie is like a mix of listening to Cher and willingly putting your dick in a blender. Anyone with half of a brain cell will realize that this movie is not worth a dime. If I had an extra dollar and had to spend it),-1.5
(,"Vampires Vs. Zombies starts with the breaking news that the unidentified disease that is spreading across America leaves the sufferer with homicidal & cannibalistic tendencies... Travis Fontaine (C.S. Munro) & his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio as they drive along the isolated backwoods roads to try & escape the disease when Travis runs over a guy who I assume is meant to be a zombie. Slightly further down the road he stops to help Julia (Brinke Stevens) & her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson) who are waving at the side of the road),-0.25
(,"Few videos in recent history have been as amateurishly produced as this one -- at least none that have been released by such a reputable distributor. Every frame of this film is a plaguerism of better films of the past. The word 'cliche' is given new meaning by a talentless writer/director who should reserve his imagination for lesser masturbatory efforts that don't victimize film viewers. Assisting in the amateur night 'horror' effort is a number of less than capable technicians who contribute poor cinematography and laughable make-up and special effects. Unfortunately),-0.5
(,"Harlan Knowles (Lance Henriksen) brings a group of people to a mountain to help find his missing daughter (Erica Durance). What they don't know is that she was killed by a sasquatch (Taras Kostyuk) and it's still out there... waiting for them.<br /><br />It was a late night when I poped this into my DVD player. I seriously wish I could go back in time and stop me. Most people will tell you that films like ""House of the Dead"" or ""S.I.C.K: Serial Insain Clown Killers"" will be the movies you wish you've never seen. Wrong. This will be.<br /><br />I've seen a lot of crap),-0.375
(,"This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times! Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing. I have to admit that the whole audience I was in was laughing hysterically but the majority were Greek or Italian so I guess that this humour will probably make them laugh but not me. All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes. God),-0.8
(,"Another hand-held horror means another divisive movie that fans should still seek out and make up their own minds about.<br /><br />Imagine a cross between The Blair Witch Project and The Grudge and you're close to the overall content of this movie. It's another videotaped horror but this time most of it is edited together in readiness for a video doc that was never completed by a supernatural investigator who disappeared.<br /><br />I certainly had a feeling of dread while watching this movie (does anyone do dreadful better than our Asian friends?) but the creepy moments),-0.5
(,"I remember seeing this film when I was fairly young & being quite disturbed by it. I found the storyline very distressing and can still remember the various bullying techniques used. One in particular was when the other school children spat in his soup before he could even taste a spoonful. They also bound him and shaved his private parts. This was all because he was unpopular. Why was he unpopular? Because he was bad at games. I have a feeling though that even if he was good at games he would have been bullied because it's hard to decide what makes someone popular. To me),-1.0
(,"The story starts out with a soldier being transported to a desert town then goes back in time to tell the tale of how he came to this place. He started out as an officer in Napoleon's army fighting in Egypt but became separated from his unit. After nearly starving and/or dying of thirst he came upon a leopard which somehow became his bosom buddy. It brought him food and before long the soldier became almost totally wild so acute was his bonding with the animal. All things do end however and the man decided it was necessary for him to leave the critter. A very strange film),-1.3333333333333333
(,"""New Best Friend"" is another entry in the ""steal another woman's life"" sub-genre; the best of which are ""Single White Female"" and ""The Hand That Rocks the Cradle""; the worse of which you can catch almost any afternoon on the Lifetime Channel. For some reason this type of identity theft happens exclusively to women.<br /><br />There are just two basic ways to play this type of story. You can make the woman evil at the beginning and let the audience watch knowingly as she hatches and implements her evil scheme. Or you use misdirection to make her appear a good person),-0.8333333333333334
(,"You've got to watch this movie! It is so bad it actually is great.<br /><br />You've got your crazy but gutsy captain who of course is having an affair with his worn out used to be gorgeous copilot. And of course the mid air collision occurs when the captain's enemy and rivalis along for the ride to geYou've got your ex Vietnam Vet who is can't handle the pressure of another mid air collision and crash landing. Then you've got your old crazy Army Air corp buddy who is flying the chase plane and trying to well I can't tell you what he's trying to do. The plane keeps going up),-1.8888888888888888
(,"The chaser's war on everything is a weekly show from the guys that brought you CNNNN and the chaser decides where each week the 5 chasers and Firth break down the issues that we didn't know were important.<br /><br />This show goes beyond the mere satirizing of politics and television by not being afraid to take the mickey out of anyone whether it be a counter-girl at subway or even the prime-minister of Australia and although this may be familiar ground in say American television it has never been this well executed.<br /><br />The Chaser's war on everything is the smartest),-1.0
(,"This movie had so much potential. Anyone who followed the story of Jeffrey knows that there are so many details overlooked in this movie it's ridiculous. Too much time and effort was spent in the movie on Dahmer's homosexual tendencies and his alcohol consumption. Where was the character development? The origins of any villain are always interesting and Dahmer was no exception. Where in the movie does it address his adolescence when he began killing and mutilating small animals? Instead we are giving a dizzying array of flashbacks that seek to explain the origin of the killer),-0.75
(,"I almost didn't rent this because of all the bad comments but did anyways.I thought it was similar to darkness falls which i also liked. The only part i hated about the tooth ferry was the 2 red neck brothers at the gas station.They were funny and the dialog made me laugh but this was not a comedy. It ruined the movie a bit for me because it was unnecessary.The rest of the movie was the way a horror or suspense film should be. The make-up was good and I have seen way worse movies then this one. It was a simple story with believable acting.It's not the scariest or goriest movie),-0.5
(,"I seemed to find the trailers better than the movie. They did their job and made me interested in watching UNKNOWN. The interest waned early. A simple premise laking in scenery. Five men wake up in a chemical warehouse not knowing why they are there; let alone know how in the hell they got there. Confusion and paranoia brings with it fear and distrust. The men learn that a kidnapper is on his way with plans to kill his hostages. Now the men size each other up trying to distinguish if all are victims and who may actually be one of the kidnappers. The cast includes: Jim Caviezel),-1.125
(,"Just in case the title didn't give it away - this movie is garbage.<br /><br />Short review? Yeah.<br /><br />I decided to spend as much time writing this review as Hollywood probably decided to put into the script. I doubt it'll be published considering how poorly I worded everything but if this is and anyone reads it -- stick to cherishing the first Sandlot movie. It completely surpasses its predecessors in every single way. The sequels aren't ever worth buying or seeing and everyone involved in making them should be ashamed for ruining what has to be one of the most classic),-0.2
(,"Picture this. Someone makes a film about the Columbine or Virginia tech massacre only the film is directed by the guy who did home alone (i know this isn't but bare with me) and stars Sean Astin off of Goonies!! picture the terrorists being overpowered by buckets of water on top of ajar doors and marbles and this is why you need to see the film. unfortunately it doesn't go all the way by actually having the skateboard lying on the floor for the evil Mexicans to trip on but its halfway there you have to give it above 7 for that but not a 9 because it didn't go crazy enough. Pity),-1.25
(,"This is by far the most awful movie I have ever watched. I have never before rated a movie 1 out of 10. My advice is don't watch it. This doesn't even classify as a movie.<br /><br />You'd be better off sitting on the couch bored rather than watching this movie. Acting was terrible but what was worst by far was the storyline. Highly unlikely sequence of events which aren't even funny. They are actually very lame and stupid. Very foolish choice by Ashton Kutcher and Tara Reid to act in this movie. Might even upset their careers a little.<br /><br />When I walked into Blockbuster),-1.875
(,"This movie is ridiculous. It's attempting to be a comedy but the screenplay is horrible. The whole movie is done in low light and you cant grasp the fact that it's a comedy. Truly is bad cinematography. You really have to sit there and watch it to realize there's a few jokes here and there going on but either way they're all inside jokes amongst themselves. This is more like a wannabe drama flick that went bad. It really is a very pointless movie.Their expressions reveal nothing but dismay and disaster which turns out that way anyway. Unless you want to be bored out of your ass),-0.3333333333333333
(,"With a catchy title like the Butcher of Plainfield this Ed Gein variation and Kane Hodder playing him will no doubt fly off the shelves for a couple of weeks.Most viewers will be bored silly with this latest take on the life of Ed Gien.<br /><br />The movie focuses on Ed's rampage and gives us a(few)glimpses into his Psycosis and dwelling in Plainfeild.Its these scenes that give the movie a much needed jolt.<br /><br />What ruins this is the constant focus on other characters lives and focuses less on Eds.Big mistake here.<br /><br />Kane Hodder is a strange choice to play Gein),-1.0
(,"""True"" story of three girls who go into the wilds of Connecticut and end up hunted by a maniac in the woods. This is the sort of film that would have played in the drive ins across America thirty years ago to mixed acclaim. Not particularly much of anything the film works with its low budget to mixed results. The film is watchable but isn't at all scary (blame how some of the attack scenes for that). Its the sort of film that you'll probably forget about once you're done with it. Odds are that you're never going to think to see this unless its handed to you by someone and told),-1.5
(,"There is such rubbish on the cable movie channels that I hit a gem with this one. From beginning to end it had me gripped and deserves top marks.<br /><br />Father of two sons hears messages from ""God"" to kill people who he is told are 'demons'.<br /><br />When the opening credits showed the director as one of the cast that can often be a warning of a bad film; exceptionally it is the reverse here as the drama is non-stop from beginning to end.<br /><br />And there is not one moment in the movie when one is not fully enthralled as there are no unnecessary or needless sub-plots),-1.6
(,"This movie truly shows the farce and hypocrisy of Indian society. What it tries to show you is only ONE side of the story. The other side of the story is the hidden emotional and mental abuse of Indian children which this movie does not show.<br /><br />""Indian Parents"" are culpable for the following: a. Destroying the individuality of the children by making them completely dependent on the parents at a very early age. Such children grow up to be Adults only in physical looks but remain children in minds. Since everything has been provided to them by their great Indian parents),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I saw this movie in the theatre and it was a terrible movie. The way Michael Oliver who now turn even worse in the sequel is the biggest intolerance I cannot bare. Junior upset his father because he would not go to school which got his father Ben madly insane. Also the Crazy Dance ride operator is not fair to Junior for not letting him go on the ride. And that Lawanda Dumore is as horrible as a serial killer to Junior because she made threatening insults to Junior which is why I cannot tolerate this movie. Even if the movie is re-released back into theatres in the extended version),-2.0
(,"An Arab American man is kidnapped from an American Airport and flown to ""somewhere in North Africa"" where he is tortured. The reason? His cell phone received a call from a known terrorist. The CIA decides to avoid legal means to determine whether the phone call is implication of guilt or just a mistake. After watching this movie we can only but pray some terrorist doesn't accidentally punch in a wrong number!<br /><br />In addition to the rendition there are several related side stories. One involves the daughter of the chief of intel (secret police?) who is torturing the suspect),-1.375
(,"Hellraiser: Bloodline is where the sequel mediocrity of the Hellraiser series well and truly sets in. Gone is the imagination and invention of the first two movies. Gone is the ethos of Pinhead and his minions. Gone are the sick desires of humans. In fact everything that once made Hellraiser so original has been trashed by this mess of a picture.<br /><br />All that is left is that basic premise of Christian mythology that there is a Hell with evil Demons. What happened to the evil that men do? This watered down excuse for a Hellraiser movie is padded out with endless Psycho Babble),-2.3333333333333335
(,"I have not yet seen anyone slate this film and i think i may be the first.<br /><br />It was awful. I actually didn't watch the end of it. It was like watching a boring soap or a really good one (all soaps are crap). The actors were poor and storyline was bad. The person who rated it 10/10 has no idea what he is on about. The script was awful. 2 People was in an angry conversation together involving threats and you expect the good guy to say some thing really good and beat the crap out of him but no. He says ""If you do that ... I will hurt you"" Hahahahaha. If comedy is your thing),-0.5384615384615384
(,"There is a solid group of people that have lives like this girl going through the admissions process at school. The parental absence at all important junctures in Lauren Ambrose's school search provide admissions interviews only and draws the interviews with them at below transcript quality review that in 30 minutes sabotages four years of high school grading. The incident of anger in her mother obviously block a mothers display of possible physical abuse of her or her disabled sister at one time or another; thus masking her Mother's truer involvement in family losses. The daughter),-0.16666666666666666
(,"About the worst movie in distribution right now! I love zombie movies and saw this in the used rack so I thought why not? Oh my god a shame to zombie movies and fans to the genre! Whoever made this movie needs to put away your camcorder and go to film school! There are so many gore hounds out there who have put time and effort into their films and they have something that this film doesn't dignity. I know it what it takes to make films and I'm sure there was a lot of money and time spent in making Meat Market but none of that money and time went in to making it good. You need actors),-0.25
(,"Can they possibly get any worse than this? Probably. But after all Steven Seagal gets to do what he does. Well kind of; this time instead of mortally wounding the bad guys he just wounds them. By reputation of being a bad ass agent Seagal is hired to deliver a special package from France to America. But it is not an easy task with so many people trying to intercept and foul up the mission. The fights just don't have enough bite and the big bangs are just big and that's all. Anna-Louis Plowman seems to be the only cast member not to appear wooden. Also in the cast are: Jeffery Pierce),-1.0
(,"Some nameless aliens off on a distant ship from a distant planet have sent the giant robot Kronos to rob the world of its energy. They've got a prototype clanking around Mexico for openers and if he proves successful more will be sent. It would certainly take a lot of time for just this one Kronos to perform that task.<br /><br />For reasons I can't explain the aliens first capture the mind of leading scientist John Emery who telepathically directs Kronos to his first targets. Since Emery is killed off later and the monster seems to function well enough without Emery as a controller),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This movie is a cringe-fest of bad acting and poor set design as well as tacky lines and a lame plot. But it is so much fun to watch. Everything about it is hilarious.The basic plot is a group of scientists from the future travel back in time to capture their evil co-worker who is intent on destroying them all. They catch up with him in the year 1146. The 'futuristic' lab of the scientists from the year 2033 is an eighties-style room with a bunch of 'futuristic' flashing buttons and a time capsule that looks like a lawn shed. The actors deliver their lines with unenthusiastic aplomb),-1.0
(,"I cannot see why filmmakers remade this movie. <br /><br />The 1972 movie with McQueen and McGraw is almost a classic. Steve McQueen was an outstanding actor and Baldwin is only an inadequate actor. He has no passion in his play.Also the action in the original ""Getaway"" was fantastic. But the remake has no action! It is almost boring despite the fact that the film-making in 1972 was more difficult than in 1994. <br /><br />I don't understand the way that Baldwin imprisoned from Mexico. I think this is a mistake in the story.<br /><br />So i think that there was no need to remake it),-0.8888888888888888
(,"I really do fail to see the actual surplus value of this movie. It's not bad enough to be hilarious. There's no sleaze or gratuitous nudity (although there was plenty of opportunity). There's no gore. There's no suspense in the first hour of the movie 'cause there's way to much scenes of tourist having a party and natives playing funky tribal music. That last part was actually funny on many occasions: You see these natives hitting congas and 'jembés' and that's indeed what you hear (badly synchronized) on the soundtrack. But they also added this funky bass-line on the soundtrack. So),-0.1
(,"Once again I have seen a movie made by people that know nothing. I just recently reviewed Baby Face Nelson. Now I've seen Dillinger and I've had it.<br /><br />This movie is garbage. I don't know how anyone in their right mind could compare this to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This movie is far from a classic. Someone called it brilliant. That's an insane thing to say. This movie can't get any facts straight and it has the worst casting I've ever seen. I don't know whose dumb idea it was to cast Warren Oates as John Dillinger. First of all he looks nothing like him. Second of all),-0.5
(,"Another laughably lame and senseless low-budget sci-fi TV presentation but actually its kind of amusing kind of in a passably undemanding way. Am I being soft? I don't know why they come up with these titles. Yes there's a komodo. And yes there's a cobra. However what's the deal with 'versus' in between? Sure they do come to blows in only two sequences (one recapping an incident and the other being the dodgy climax) and quite boring exchanges I might add. The get-up is the same old routine of a scientific experiment getting out of hand on a secluded island (no dinosaurs about)),-0.42857142857142855
(,"Cliffhanger is a decent action crime adventure with some flaws from director Renny Harlin whose admirable in making this movie about an expert climber who finds himself taken hostage with a fellow friend by a gang of dangerous criminals on the search for suit cases full of stolen cash in the Rocky Mountains. Sylvester Stallone is impressive as Gabe Walker the expert climber especially in the action/fight sequences but some of them definitely border on the line of unrealistic. For the sake of the film though I willing to suspend my disbelief. The rest of the cast including John Lithgow),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Yet another in the long line of ""Don't"" films of the late 70's and early 80's yet this one is much more than that. This film is a highly underestimated low budget schlocker with a twist. It has the grainy quality and bizarre soundtrack that is typical of horror films of the time period but it's the highly underestimated performances of the surprisingly talented actors/actresses that make this movie good. A young nurse arrives at Dr. Stephens' progressive mental hospital right after he has been murdered by one of his patients and all is not what it appears to be. It seems Dr. Masters),-1.3333333333333333
(,"eXistenZ combines director David Cronenberg's traditional love of blood and gore and exploding heads with the more confusing aspects of a reality twisting David Lynch film. And it actually works effectively. I won't bother trying to give even the bare bones of a plot synopsis here because it'll only cause more confusion. All you need to know is that the film is about a virtual reality computer game that is so incredibly lifelike that it becomes difficult to tell the difference between reality and virtual reality. The film almost seems to abandon its technology fearing point at the end),-1.0
(,"It starts a little slow but give it a chance. In the spirit of the ""Wackiest Ship in the Arm"" and the ""Pink Sub"" this movie is about a not so orthodox group engaged in not so orthodox methods to outwit everyone. Rob Schneider is priceless as a LT that takes himself way too seriously which results in a failed mutiny attempt and ""pirate"" crew makes him walk the plank. In contrast Kelsey Grammar(similar to Cary Grant)does not take anything to serious except the job. This movie is more about lines than plot. From the ""beered up"" fisherman in Charleston harbor to the ""whale"" decoy),-0.5
(,"This is a painfully slow story about the last days of 1999 when a strange disease breaks out and... I stopped caring. This is suppose to be about two people who live over or under each other in an apartment complex. There's a leak and a plumber put a hole in the man's floor so you can see into the woman's below apartment. Also since there is a crisis going on much of the dialog is actually news reports...<br /><br />Sounds promising?<br /><br />Not really.<br /><br />I became distracted and started doing other things which is deadly in a subtitled film. Basically I started not watching),-1.6
(,"Yes it is your typical direct to video action flick. And of course they do their best to change it up a little bit but fail miraculously. Snipes delivers his perfectly bland performance that he always does. Colloca proves that you don't need any talent to star in a film but just sex appeal. The worst part is that it didn't cover my bad movie basics which are: 1  Cheap looking villains. 2  Perfectly timed one-liners. 3  Intense car chases with massive explosions. 4  The hero hooking up with the hot chick. 5  Multitudes of nude or scantily clad women for no reason. OK so I lied),-0.375
(,"A young and seemingly promising college graduate (played by Blair Underwood) is sent to jail for the murder of an innocent young girl and is put on death row. Sean Connery plays the ""happy go lucky"" attorney whom the young man's grandmother tracks down out of retirement and pleads with to take on the case in the hopes of freeing her grandson. Laurence Fishburne plays a police officer who was well involved in the case and is hell bent on debunking an theory that Connery might dig up to try and free the boy whom he and the entire police department swear is guilty of the crime. Ed Harris),-0.4444444444444444
(,"1958. The sleepy small Southern town of Clarksburg. Evil Sheriff Roy Childress (the almighty Vic Morrow in peak nasty form) cracks down super hard on speeders by forcing said offenders off a cliff to their untimely deaths on an especially dangerous stretch of road. Childress meets his match when cool young hot rod driver Michael McCord (a splendidly smooth and brooding portrayal by Martin Sheen) shows up in town in his souped-up automobile with the specific intention of avenging the death of his brother (Sheen's real-life sibling Joe Estevez in a brief cameo). Director Richard T. Heffron),-0.6666666666666666
(,"No Holds Barred is a movie that should in no way ever be taken seriously. It sucks hardcore as a serious movie. Look at it more in the way that you should Plan 9 From Outer Space. They are one in the same in that they are both so bad they are funny. The funny moments in No Holds Barred are usually the ones that aren't supposed to be. When Rip (played by Hulk Hogan as only he can play them) grabs the limo driver out of the front after his first meeting with Brell (Kurt Fuller) hilarity ensues and it is one part of the movie that every person should see. It might be the funniest scene ever),-0.75
(,"This movie is a horrible distortion of lies and exaggerations that were put together by the most shameless lunatics to ever work on a TV movie. The story is wrong and a complete lie. There is nothing in this movie that accurately portrays Senator McCarthy. It's just a horrible scam and it amazes me that anyone associated with this production ever got another job in the industry. The marxist-leninists who wrote this trash did so in order to attack a man who has been vindicated by history and their fear that anyone would dare to destroy communism. Unfortunately for these communist nut jobs),-1.5
(,"Drew Barrymore was excellent in this film. This role is the type of role you don't normally see Drew play. Her typical role is as a woman looking for love. The storyline is also great.<br /><br />When Holly is implicated in her mother's murder she moves to L.A. She moves in with a guy who becomes her lover. But her brother who is in a mental prison hospital for what they believe is murder is almost killed she is wrongfully accused. It is then revealed to her lover that she has Multiple Personality Disorder. After that another woman becomes paranoid when she's around her. In the end though),-1.2
(,"Last year's remake of 'The Hills Have Eyes' was one of the better attempts to update the vaguely exploitational horror flicks of the 1970s for a new audience. Alexandre Aja allowed for an admirable degree of character development and when the violence started it was mean and savage and all carried out in a landscape of impeccable photography and production design. I was one of the few people who actually thought that it was better than the original and looked forward to a second visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of the savage desert mutants.<br /><br />'The Hills have Eyes 2'),-0.5
(,"This must be one of MGM's and FRANK SINATRAS worst films. An oddball musical comedy that fails in almost every aspect. Silly plot has SINATRA trying to carry on his fathers reputation as a KISSING BANDIT. He's no bandit and doesn't kiss!! He does play the ""nerdy"" character as well as could be expected given the dialog he has to speak. The scene stealer's are J. CARROLL NASH and MILDRED NATWICK. Too bad they didn't have more scenes together. I've given the film two stars because the sets and costumes are superior and one of the songs sung by KATHTREN GRAYSON ""Love is Where You Find It""),-1.0
(,"""The fallen ones"" falls under the waste of life (WOL) category. I am sad that I am now two hours older was not entertained. My other family members also watched this movie and threw demeaning comments at the screen and rooted for the mummy. I felt sorry for the actors (Wagner). I have read other negative reviews and cannot add anything else to this movie other than it could be reduced to 25 minutes so it could take a 30 minute slot on TV without any loss of plot. It reminds me of a dish that has several good ingredients but when served is bland with no flavor at all. In my humble opinion),-1.125
(,"The Fluffer may have strong elements of porn industry truth to it - but that doesn't make up for the fact that it's pretty shabbily directed and acted - and with a very mediocre script.<br /><br />B grade from start to the exceedingly drawn out finish.<br /><br />It would be embarassing to think of the general public being offered this piece as an example of state of the art gay film making.<br /><br />Hopefully it has a limited life in the gay film festival circuit and is allowed to die a natural death on video.<br /><br />This film will open the Queer Film Weekend in Brisbane on April 10),-0.3333333333333333
(,"This picks up about a year after the events in ""Basic Instinct"". Catherine Tramell (Sharon Stone) is now in London. While having sex with a soccer player while speeding about in a car going at 110 miles/hour (don't ask) she goes off the road and ends up in the Thames. She survives--he doesn't. The police hire psychiatrist Michael Glass (David Morrissey) to see if she's mentally competent to stand trial. Naturally she starts playing with his mind instead and plenty of murders and sex follow.<br /><br />This movie was doomed before it even opened. It took forever to get a cast and director),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Andy McDermott (Tom Everett Scott) is a shy American teenager spending vacation in Paris with his friends Brad and Chris. Andy saves Serafine Pigot (the gorgeous Julie Delpy) from committing suicide in Eiffel Tour and has a crush on her. He does not know that she is a werewolf. They go to an underground party and are attacked by werewolves. Andy is wounded and becomes a werewolf. He is advised that the only way to become normal again is killing the werewolf that attacked him and eating its heart. This movie is a violent black humor movie. The special effects and the soundtrack are excellent),-0.6
(,"(Some Spoilers) PRC quickie that has J. Carrol Naish playing Dr. Igor Markoff who's not really Dr. Karkoff but an impostor who took over his identity back in Europe. <br /><br />The real Dr. Karkoff had a affair with Dr.Markoff's wife that lead to him to murder the real Dr.Markoff and then having his wife Lenore infected with acromegaly that made her look like the ""Elephant Man's"" sister. This was done so that no one would ever want to look at her and he could keep Lenore all to himself; but the disturbed Lenore later got even with her insane husband by killing herself. <br /><br />This nut),-1.125
(,"I had an uncle who committed suicide after serving in Vietnam because of mental problems he experienced after coming back. So when I saw part of this movie one night on a pay-for-view channel I was intrigued. I wanted to know what my uncle went through and felt as he got ready for Vietnam. I went out and rented this movie and I have to say it is the most heart-wrenching film I have ever seen. I bought the DVD immediately after renting it. The way it pulls you in so many different directions emotionally is something I've never experienced with any other film. As far as Vietnam subject films go),-1.0
(,"This movie is a terrible attempt at a spoof. Its attempts to parody various sports movies are half-baked and not at all funny.<br /><br />Even things that should be funny - like the female kicker from India who's always wearing traditional dress over her uniform - aren't really funny. The fact that the football team studies and gets good grades which makes the coach mad didn't get any laughs either.<br /><br />The plot of having a traditional loser get one more chance by coaching a loser high school football team really had potential as a spoof. It's a classic and trite sports theme. But alas),-0.1
(,"Forget Easy Rider - Head is THE film about the 1960s.<br /><br />Almost laugh: as the Monkees reduce their entire career to a one-minute TV commercial about dandruff! See: the 50 foot Victor Mature try to figure out what the heck he's doing in this film! Hear: Frank Zappa (with his pet cow on leash) tell Davey Jones ""Your music is awfully white""! Experience: the Monkees' only live performance as a real rock band play the honest-to-gosh first-ever real punk-rock song (Circle Sky)! Listen: as Davey Jones sings a Harry Nielsen song about having a transsexual father! Be confused: be very confused),-2.0
(,"Millions in gold is traveling by train to the US treasury. Traveling along is Lois Lane to report on it. Along the way the train is attacked by masked thieves. They detach the car with the armed guards in it and attack the remaining ones. This leads to a vicious fight between the remaining guards and the thieves. The thieves overpower them but then Lois Lane jumps in. She beats the thieves off the train (at one point using a gun) but the train starts to careen out of control. Lois can't stop it and the thieves will stop at nothing to get the gold. Good thing Superman is on the way!<br /><br />Fast),-1.1428571428571428
(,"Post 1988 after the disaster GJS Amitabh's films lost the quality they had earlier <br /><br />Barring MAIN AZAAD HOON released in 1989 which was a great film rest all films were craps mostly except HUM(1991) later in 1991<br /><br />This is another of the crap Amitabh films people rejected in early 90's<br /><br />The film he did like a friendship token to Shashi Kapoor who directed the film and he didn't take a penny The film also had Rishi and Dimple(again not paired opp each other after RANBHOOMI) <br /><br />The film came in 1991 when Bachchan had 4 releases and 3 flops amongst them INDRAJEET),-0.8571428571428571
(,"What can I say about THE PLEASURE PLANET that I haven`t said about umpteen other tedious soft core porn films ? Very little . It`s just another movie with a very weak plot used to set up very unconvincing set scenes between male non actors who spend too much time in the gym and bimbos who have obviously had silicon implants . Actually the sex scenes in this movie are somewhat less convincing than you usually see in this type of film as the cast members grind their hips together giving pained expressions like they`ve got constipation or something . No wonder a lot of people claim sex is over rated ),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Why do I hate this? Let me list the ways:<br /><br />I have nothing against Mary Pickford but a 32 year old woman playing a 12 year old is just stupid.<br /><br />There's a fight scene in which kids are throwing bricks at each other and it's considered funny---and it goes on for 15 minutes <br /><br />Strange how none of the kids are even remotely hurt<br /><br />The title cards contain plenty of racial and ethnic slurs<br /><br />For a ""family"" film the fights were WAY too violent (loved it when Pickford was punching it out with a little boy!) and the humor was just stupid <br /><br />Seriously),-0.6666666666666666
(,"""Father is still away on business"" was headline of an review after ""Promise Me This"" premiere in Cannes. I do understand why many thinks the same but unique expression of Kusturica is still present in his new movie and is something why critics can't touch him. I had two hours of pure energy without rest. Even when Kusturica is suffering of lack of concentration or fear of empty space he is still unique and unspoiled. Surprisingly good performance of Stribor Kusturica. Much More close-ups and less landscapes then in ""Life Is A Miracle"". Marija Petronijevic has femme fatal world class potential),-1.0
(,"Film follows a bunch of students in the NYC High School of the Performing Arts. There's Coco (Irene Cara) a black singer who WILL make it to the top despite everything. She's helped by Bruno (Lee Curren) a white musician. Then there's Doris (Maureen Teefy) who wants to be an actress--but she's shy and scared. She becomes friends with Motgomery (Paul McCrane)--purportedly the only gay student in the school and is romanced by Raul (Barry Miller). Then there's Leroy (Gene Anthony Ray--who sadly died in 2003) who's homeless and a great dancer--but can't read. Then there's various teachers (Albert Hague),-0.2
(,"On paper this looks a good film . Michael Caine plays a tough and ruthless boxing promoter who's son is up for a title eliminator . The pity is that when the story is transferred from paper to my television screen it loses a certain everything . I had hoped we'd be seen emulating his definitive role in GET CARTER and as the film progresses it does seem to take on the qualities of a tough gritty revenge thriller but the whole tone of the film jumps around so much you'll be confused as to what genre it's trying to fit in to . For example Caine ( Who you can't believe in as Billy "" Shiner "" Simpson ),-0.16666666666666666
(,"This is the worst movie I have ever seen and believe me I've sen a lot of bad movies. I love cheeesy horror but this was just terrible. There was not one scene in this film where I felt scared. All the actors must have been people that they found at a bus stop 20 minutes prior to shooting. I wish that Blockbutser would have given me my 99 cents back. The acting was terrible. The writing was incredibly bad. Someone had to screen this movie before it was released and had to know that it was terrible. I'd be embarrassed to have my name associated with this monstrosity. Don't rent this movie. If you do),-0.8333333333333334
(,"This movie was a waste of 3 hours of my precious time..in the first 10 minutes i was already annoyed as i am familiar with the real version on the story according to the torah (5 books of moses)...but i decided to watch it to get my moneys worth and too see how bad it sucked. Well it sucked..way more then i thought it would. First and for most lets start with the script and characters the skeleton that makes up the body of a movie. If you study torah at all you'll see that the story is all wrong here are some of the distasful mistakes: moses doesn't do slave work because he was in the tribe of levi),-1.2
(,"I watch a TON of movies and enjoy the occasional B movie but this movie was awful. Aside from the ""homemade"" quality of the film it was very slow and seemed to make no point. I'm only commenting b/c of another comment I saw here that said it was great! WOW! Maybe OK to watch on a rainy day when nothing else is available.<br /><br />The characters were disjointed and didn't fit any discernible pattern of reality. The dialog between characters was forced and at times very confusing.<br /><br />I guess if you were very into the whole area 51 and understood some of the nuances other comments reference),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I'm not sure as to call this movie a children's drama or a fantasy film. When I first watched this I couldn't really make out the ending and that's the only part of movie that's seemed to lack depth and left me a bit depressed for awhile. Then I watched it a second time and realised how great the acting was and was clueless as to why it received the meager attention it did at the time.<br /><br />Unforgettable performances by the young Mazzello and Wood should have made this film a classic.<br /><br />Although the it was probably intended to be a fantasy/drama by the original writer/director (Evans)),-0.75
(,"Jeux d'enfants or how the film was wrongly translated into English Love me if You Dare is a film made by stupid people and about stupid people. I just don't know how I could expect something worth a look from a film with such plot: Two stupid ignorant kids make a bet that each of them will do something (certainly extremely idiotic) to prove to each other (wtf?) that they are ""cool dudes"". I know that i exaggerated some aspects but that is what the entire film is about. They grow older...and instead of realizing that they are just a couple of alienated weirdos continue to perform their crazy things),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Let's see how many ways you can insult my gender: 1. Of course girl #1 is a horrible skank who cheats on her boyfriend and sounds/looks like a heroin addict.<br /><br />2. Of course girl #1 sleeps with the guy on the first date after getting wasted.<br /><br />3. Of course the lesbians are butch ""Germans"" who are into S&M.<br /><br />4. This one was actually a surprise. Ending the movie on a note of torture celebrated by the majority of characters was sickening. Seeing a woman beaten isn't my idea of comedy.<br /><br />5. Director's commentary - talking about hooking up with actresses in the movie),-1.2857142857142858
(,"This movie was very disappointing in that several elements of the book were wrongly done. The main story is the same but there are several flaws that hurt the movie.<br /><br />1) Boobie Miles gets injured in the beginning of the story in a preseason game at Texas Tech. This means he won't get anything done during the season at all and Chris Comer comes up sooner on the team.<br /><br />2) The game against Marshall was lost at Marshall. The team depicted as Marshall was actually Midland High one of Permian's main rivals and here is the proof- Marshall High is the Mavericks colored Scarlet and Silver),-2.25
(,"I do not even want to call this thing a film - it is a movie that should not have won any awards. The acting was horrible as were the silly scenarios. This is exactly the sort of film that so many folks think caters to an NRI audience but is in fact loathed abroad for its awkwardness and the overwhelming sense of ""trying"" throughout the movie. <br /><br />I find it strange that so many actors conversant with the English language have such a hard time doing so convincingly in front of the camera. I'm sure many readers know what I am talking about - all those token English phrases thrown into a movie),-0.7142857142857143
(,"This movie must have been the absolute worst movie i have ever seen. My sister and her boyfriend went to rent Zodiac (2007) and got this one by accident. thought it was a joke before the actual movie. this was terrible i was waiting for it to get scary and it never did. this movie had not actual facts about the real Zodiac killer. The filmmakers clearly didn't even bother to research anything on the killings... they only liked the name... so they decided to write a script about nothing true to its name. I am upset i didn't realize it wasn't the movie sooner. I try to like something out of every movie),-0.3
(,"A pretty worthless made for television movie that pretty much follows the killer insect script. Ants mysteriously turn into killer ants near a hotel. I think it is from the hotel food because the sewage from the hotel kitchen drains directly into the ant bed. There is a lack of suspense in this film and it is not scary either. Watching a bunch of ants sting their victims is not very terrifying.<br /><br />Spoilers section The stupidity of the hero is near incredible. He is told that the health inspector that the ants could not be the hero. It has to be a mysterious virus. After the inspector says this),-0.7142857142857143
(,"Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce return as Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson in this superior tale of Holmes battling the 3rd Reich and the mastermind genius of Professor Moriarty. The film opens up in Switzerland as Holmes is in disguise as an ""old bookseller."" He must bring Dr. Tobel and the Tobel Bomb Site to England before the Germans can kidnap Tobel. Holmes succeeds and the Germans recuit the evil Professor. Moriarty manages to outwit Scotland yard and LeStrad ""Dennis Hoey"" by kidnapping Tobel. The only clue left by Tobel is a list of ""dancing men."" Who will break the hidden code of dancing men),-0.6666666666666666
(,"For me this is a good series. I am kind of disappointed that Ana Lucia and Libby died but more upset that Micheal lied to everyone about who killed them. And if any one can answer this what was that guys name who was supposedly ""Henry Gale"" he was like the leader of the others (or was that Ms. Clue??) anyway if you know his name cool. Well trying to think of what can possibly happen next after they finally didn't press the button. Does that mess up the whole DARMA project thing and i personally thought it was cool how they had that key thing underground that Desmond used to shut off the magnet thing),-0.6
(,"It`s funny how instinct warns you of something . For example as soon as the company credits read Nu Image I knew instinctively I`d seen a really crap film by them somewhere before but couldn`t remember where . Nevertheless I just knew JUDGE AND JURY was going to be crap and it was . Maybe I`m psychic ?<br /><br />!!!! MILD SPOILERS !!!!<br /><br />The opening is rather violent with several people getting blown away for no more reason than being in the wrong place at the wrong time . I don`t know about you but I`m geting slightly fed up with exploitive violence onscreen nowadays along with bad language ),-1.8
(,"This movie was portrayed in the trailer as a comedy. It is an extreme tragedy. It left me sick to my stomach. I hated it. I think if they want to make a movie like this than they should be man enough to reflect the true intentions of the movie in the trailer. I would not have seen this movie if I would have known. I think the trailer should reflect the theme and intentions of a movie. I am tired of it. I really wanted to have a fun comedy and I am extremely disappointed. It has been several days now and I still have a bad taste in my mouth from this movie. I have never been more disappointed in a movie),-0.2
(,"This time The Beastmaster(Marc Singer) returns only to face off a new enemy Arklon(Wings Hauser) however due to an annoying teenager(Kari Wuher) they are transported to the future where they then duke it out. Lots of (lame) fish out of water jokes ensue. You honestly don't get sequels this rotten to the core. Beastmaster 2 is a painful movie to behold. The references and ""hipness"" date the film badly (This was made in 1991) and really who wants to see The Beastmaster in the present times? Also of note is Wings Hauser who's embarrassing performance is easily the film's best asset. Singer looks awkward),-1.0
(,"This wasn't what i wanted to see. I bought this on DVD and under the movie i found myself irritated and turned off the movie for a moment.<br /><br />Heres what i didn't like:<br /><br />1 They were shooting at the father<br /><br />2 The tribes was really annoying<br /><br />3 the dinosaurs (mostly)looked to faked<br /><br />4 The bad scientist well he was annoying<br /><br />5 The picture quality on the DVD was really bad<br /><br />What i DID like: <br /><br />1 The music by Jerry Goldsmith. This music is really great. I have the bootleg soundtrack from this movie. Sadly the sound quality is not good),-1.0
(,"Staten Island filmmaker Andy Milligan is well known in the horror community for being an even worse director than Ed Wood. And with this as a dim example of his output I'm apt to agree with them. In ""The Ghastly Ones"" we basically have three bickering couples traveling to their childhood home (located on a conveniently secluded island) to collect an inheritance. There they are killed off one by one and the events unfold in murder/mystery fashion with a scarred retard hunchback butler added to throw you for a loop. The film is in such bad shape that it looks like someone just ran it through a dishwasher),-1.3333333333333333
(,"A question for all you girls out there : If a man you`ve never met before accidentally phoned you up on purpose and continued to do so at the most indiscreet moments would you be intrigued by him or so freaked out you`d phone the police ? Yeah that`s what I thought so I couldn`t swallow the idea of Marti Gerrard putting up with the unwarrented attention of Connor Hill<br /><br />***** MILD SPOILERS *****<br /><br />This is a really dumb story . Connor Hill`s wife is murdered and the plot revolves around the question is Connor phoning Marti so he can have an alibi ? But there`s a massive gap in logic here ),-2.5
(,"After seeing this film I complained to my local cinema about the quality of the sound-track or whether the cinema sound system may be faulty. For at least the first half of the film it is extremely difficult to understand what anyone is saying because of the background 20's music and the scratchiness of the sound-track. I was ready to blame the cinema equipment but not so - it was the Director.<br /><br />I was told the subject of my complaint was an essential part of the making of the film. The music and the sound was supposed to be distorted to create a very disturbing effect within the film. These days),-1.8
(,"Are you kidding me?! A show highlighting someone who opens cans and envelopes for a meal? How talented do you have to be to do this? She MAY be able to cook but it is NOT portrayed in this half-hour stomach churning painful production. I know she has a Martha-Stewart-esquire empire. So does Warren Buffett but I don't see him with fake knockers opening cans of cream corn and Alpo.<br /><br />She has a nephew named...Brycer. Brycer? Stop talking about anyone a name that stupid.<br /><br />More time is spent on ""table-scapes"" than actual cooking. Who has that kind of time?! Silicon should be on your spatula),-0.5
(,"Excellent Hitchcock thriller with Robert Cummings proving once again that he could really act up a storm.<br /><br />This time he is a defense plant worker caught up in a horrible plot when his best friend is killed at the plant.<br /><br />Priscilla Lane is the girl who suddenly becomes interested in Cummings as the plot thickens and he is pursued from California to N.Y.<br /><br />There is a diabolical plot by a group of wealthy 5th columnists to destroy from from within. Hitchcock was known to play up the upper echelons of society involved in mayhem in his long career as a director.<br /><br />Ironically),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Given the nature and origin of the 11 filmakers it is not surprising that this film is at best neutral in its stance towards America. Probably the most 'anti' segment comes from Ken Loach who is definitely not towing the British New Labour party line. Although those events of a year ago are shocking and painful to most Americans and most spectators who saw them unfold live through CNN etc. the majority of the writers and directors choose to show that tragedy is not an American monopoly. Should anybody be surprised that these 3000 deaths are given the same weight elsewhere as the West gives to thousands Tutsi),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Slayer is a mindless vampire movie with a few twists on an ancient plot. Special ops team is sent into south America to hunt down blood sucking natives. Their leader is a real old man who has aged well. There's an environmental twist as the vampires are attacking villages because their rain forest and old diet of wild animals is disappearing because of the greedy corporations and farmers. Lost of fighting and so much blood they just never bothered to wash off the cast for the whole film. It looks like they slept in the bloody clothes and caked on blood. While each member of the cast brought their own talents),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This movie had potential. If it had been handled differently. What it needed was a different director. That's certain. And perhaps a different leading lady. I just can't understand the Minnie Driver character - or at least how she played it. She was completely unbelievable. I cannot believe she would have liked her performance in this movie either. She was probably abandoned by the director or incapable of delivering what the director was trying to get her to do. I am writing this as I am still watching it. I'm thinking I would have hated to be in her shoes trying to 'act' something I didn't understand. Well),-1.25
(,"Jack Frost is about a serial killer who is sentenced to death. On the Way to his death sentence the prison truck that he rides in collides with a chemical tanker filled with a chemical that turns his molecules with the snow on the ground turning him into a snowman. Being a killer himself that would turn him into a killer snowman. Jack now wants revenge on the sheriff who caught him. Jack now starts his rampage all over again killing people in a small town.<br /><br />I don't think Jack Frost has a chance of becoming a horror classic but its a entertaining flick. Just put your brain on hold and have fun with it),-0.6
(,"I've read most of the comments here. I came to the conclusion that almost everybody agrees that 9/11 is a shocking piece of history. There are a few who think that the added narrative is weak and <br /><br />I agree that the narrative is weak and unnecessary. About two brothers finding each other back after the disaster and the cliff hanger about Tony. But I don't think narration is unnecessary. Like I lot of theorists I think that our own lives are narrations. We are living and making our own autobiography. So if we tell about our lives this is always in the form of narration. We don't sum up facts like: Birth),-1.0
(,"This series takes a classic story and makes rubbish of it. Robin is somehow mystified by an elk-man in the forest and is embroiled in all sorts of druidism and outright satanic episodes. The story is more about him avoiding the evil sheriff than helping the poor. This is barely watchable. And to top all the ridiculousness they kill Robin at the end of series 2 and replace him with another actor. Some people may like this show as a fantasy show but it is NOT a Robin Hood show. If you want Robin fighting in king Richards name against Prince John and the sheriff and if you want Robin feeding the poor and oppressed),-0.2222222222222222
(,"I have to say that this movie was really quite awful. the acting was average the pacing of the movie was terrible as well as the soundtrack and cinematography.i found that i was bored in most parts of the movie and the cliché lines did nothing for me. the two boys that played the main roles looked terrible at times and did'nt pull off the emotion that was needed in the movie. the little girl was creepy at times and looked like a doll which was scary. the ending wasn't satisfying although the movie to be over the ending didn't make me feel anything for the characters. this movie was boring and did nothing for me),-1.8
(,"The premise and subject about making a criminal realize what his victims went through by capturing his family hostage sounds promising and interesting. But this is the only interesting part which was also dealt 20 years ago with quite finesse by director Ravi Tandon in his film ""Jawab'(1985) too. The problem here is Ace Director Rajkumar Santoshi found himself in some sort of confusion as to whether to make it a fast paced action-thriller (viz. Khakee) or an emotions-rich heavy duty drama (Viz. Damini) and this confusion is quite evident in the final outcome. If we ignore two of his-Pukar (2000) and Lajja(2001)),-1.4
(,"I can't believe this movie has 6 stars on IMDb. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen that wasn't an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000. The plot is predictable. I couldn't bring myself to care about any of the characters. The dialog is cheesy. Several moments in the movie actually made me groan out loud (including Kiefer Southerland's crazy neighbor and the incredibly lame joke that ends the movie). Jeff Bridges' accent is goofy - I can't tell what country he's supposed to be from. It has to be one of the least thrilling thrillers I've ever seen as well...after Sandra Bullock's character disappears),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I only watched the first twenty minutes of this movie and personally I think that this is the worst movie to be made in the recent years.<br /><br />The plot was so bad that it might have been possible that a 10 year old kid wrote it. The acting was also sloppy with pretty much an unknown cast and not only that the action sequences especially at the first half of the film were so terrible it was unbelievable.<br /><br />I don't know how the producers obtained the budget to film this movie but the production company must be regretting it by now.<br /><br />To anyone who may come across this film in the near future),-2.0
(,"I remember watching this as a child as part of the Children;s Film Foundations Friday Film Specials on CBBC and have recently happened upon a copy.<br /><br />In the twenty or so years since my last viewing this film has lost nothing.<br /><br />It is an atmospheric tale which entices with Cornish folklore and adds elements of truly creepy imagery of the ghost of the young miner Billy.<br /><br />Shot in the wonderfully scenic Port Loe area of Cornwall the film utilises the mixture of rugged coastline and abandoned tin mines to make the setting truly believable.<br /><br />There is much packed into this CFF drama),-2.0
(,"My favorite memory of this show and the band was when I got together with a bunch of my friends which are NBB haters and had a big bonfire and we took a CD of their songs and the DVD of the movie and a bunch of pictures of the band members and threw them into the fire and danced a happy jig around the burning stuff while singing ""Ding Dong The Witch Is Dead"". That was the best thing about the show and this show is stupid with a capitol God this show sucks. I hate it so much. Get rid of the crappy car. You guys really suck! You really ruined the whole channel! No offence or anything but you guys need to get a life),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Life in some future fascist or near fascist state which severely restricts personal freedoms is a recurrent theme both in modern literature and for film makers. Such works post us warnings about undesirable trends in our society to watch out for; but to be effective they must also be entertaining. Unfortunately most of the books are probably more effective in posting the warnings than in entertaining us enough to become really widely read; whilst with the films the problem is usually the other way round. The first such work to become really widely known was probably George Orwell's ""1984"" (first published in 1948)),-1.0
(,"I'm from Australia and have watched with respect the extraordinary culture surrounding rugby union in New Zealand. I can totally appreciate the comments made by Kiwis in relation to this movie. It was a total insult to a race of people and their beloved sport.<br /><br />Whoever was involved in the making of this atrocious movie should be made to formally apologize to anyone who had the misfortune of watching it. Note: people do NOT kneel down and cry while slowly reciting the Hakka. What a pitiful scene this was.<br /><br />Are we supposed to feel some kind of sympathy for this idiot who nearly killed his girlfriend),-0.1111111111111111
(,"The box is why I originally picked up this movie and the back is why I rented it. But I soon learned that I had been duped. I had thought this movie would be something like a Road Trip/Eurotrip/American Pie deal. But I was wrong. This movie is one of the dumbest I've seen in a long time. The unrated version teases you in to watching but will completely disappoint you. The acting was terrible and sound effects just gaudy. It appeared very low budget with the entire setting taking place in the same building. Go out and get Eurotrip or Road Trip instead. I can't believe National Lampoon put its name on this. DON'T BUY IT),-1.0
(,"You know this is gonna be a cheesy movie when:<br /><br />1. It was made it the 50's 2. It's in black and white. 3. It has no name actors! 4. Screaming makes up for the lack of special effects!<br /><br />Well not to be outdone - this movie brilliantly incorporated all four of the above elements to turn this into a true cinematic blunder.<br /><br />Okay - shhhhh but I am gonna discuss special effects here - or lack of them - <br /><br />Did you catch the underwater scenes? It looks like it was poorly filmed through an aquarium - note the cape flapping in the breeze.<br /><br />And the repeated re-use of Stock Footage),-0.2
(,"3lbs is obviously just a self indulgent programme for Stanley Tucci to be a producer/moody deep doctor. Unlike House he has absolutely no personality and unlike Grey's Anatomy the brain surgery cases are't even interesting. This programme is supposed to be set in a leading centre for Neurlogical cases - yet there's nothing interesting or exciting going on! Not even the so called pathetic 'feud' between him and a rival adds anything to the show and neither do those hallucinations. In the pilot there was a brief glimpse into the leads's social life as a father - snooze! boring and pointless.<br /><br />This show is pants),-0.2
(,"I don't know where to begin. This movie feels a lot like one of those cheap Saturday morning kids shows that they used to make back in the late eighties early nineties. Sort of like Captain Power or the Power Rangers. It's full of bad digital overlays and really cheesy sounding ""secret agencies"" and villains.<br /><br />The acting is so bad that it's not even funny. The direction is terrible and there is little to now continuity. It seems as if someone just threw a bunch of scenes together and forgot that there was supposed to be a plot.<br /><br />Perhaps one of the most ridiculous scenes in the movie comes early on),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This movie was well done but it also made me feel very down at times as well. For anyone that is considering show business this is a must see as it shows the raw deal in what goes on for these struggling workers. The soundtrack was definitely cool and the acting and dancing complimented it nicely. Some of the student's attitudes might have been a little far-fetched like Leroy's especially because I'm sure someone like that would've been kicked out immediately for refusing to read and such if this was the real High School For Performing Arts. The Coco screen test is hard to watch for any people out there with weak stomachs),-0.2857142857142857
(,"Typically terrible trash from director Fred Olen Ray about a female cyborg hunter(Teagan)commissioned by Warden Jan-Michael Vincent to find and execute escaped alien convict Ross Hagen who has charted course for earth. Soon Forest Ranger John Phillip Law will have to protect a group of obnoxiously hammy college kids headed by the grating Richard Wiley who ran over Hagen with his RV on a camping trip gone awry. Soon the cyborg will be blasting away with her arm laser burning one innocent alcoholic Doctor(Robert Quarry of Count Yorga-Vampire fame)proving that no one will stand in it's way of retrieving the hide of the convict),-0.6
(,"I bought a DVD collection (9 movies for 10 Euros) where this one was included. It turned out to be the ""uncut version"" whatever that means. Beside the low average quality and short scenes there was one thing that was really strange - the soft sex scene. It started with a close up of 2 bigger breasts. After around 2 minutes I had an expression on my face which fitted the term ""boooooooooooooring!"" quite perfectly. 7.5 minutes of not even bouncing concrete like tits (at this point the term breasts is a bad choice) is far beyond from entertainment.<br /><br />The rest of the movie was more like ""people aren't /that/ stupid),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I can't believe that the City of Muncie is so hard up for attention that they would embarrass themselves by allowing this show to be done there. This show is like a slap in the face to real hard working law-enforcement officers. I have never before in my life seen anything so stupid in my life. If they had billed it as a comedy that would be one thing but to say it is reality is nothing short of a lie. I only saw it once and was appalled at what I saw. I wanted to see the little guy get into a foot-chase with a bad guy. What a joke that would have been. Nothing on the show was even close to the real world. The city of Muncie),-0.6666666666666666
(,"I haven't read a single IMDb comment for this movie that mentions how the Jewish character in this movie jumped up and down like a little baby as a gun is pointed in his face by a racist skinhead while the movie's lead black character looked in sternness down the barrel of a gun.<br /><br />I don't know how anyone could perceive this as a balanced account of university life. I agree universities are not bastions of tolerance like they are supposed to be and the title would be fitting if Singleton didn't make his characters such broad caricatures.<br /><br />On the surface he tries to portray Ice Cube's character as a bad guy),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I just rented Creep and was not at all impressed. I didn't feel anything in this film. I felt sick because the gore alone was shocking.<br /><br />I walked out of my living room several times in desperation that something would happen with this film. Haven't we seen this all before? I didn't like any of the characters barr the guy in the sewer cage. I felt bad for him. But then again I couldn't think as to why he was still alive and not murdered by the Creep? So many questions need to be answered.<br /><br />Someone mentioned references to the PS2 game Silent Hill and I can see similarities vaguely.<br /><br />Not a bad film),-1.1666666666666667
(,The fact that this movie made it all the way to the rentalrack in Norway is bizarre. This movie is just awful. This image quality is just one teeny bit better than you get of a mobile phone and the plot is soooo bad. The main character is just plain annoying and the rest just suck. Every person affiliated with this movie should be ashamed. The fact that the people that made this movie put their name on this is extraordinary. And the distributors; did they even see it!? This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen. To label this a comedy is an insult to mankind. I urge you not to support this movie by buying or renting it.),-0.3333333333333333
(,"A group of friends decide to take a camping trip into the desert-and find themselves stalked and murdered by a mysterious killer in a black pick-up truck.""Mirage"" is obviously inspired by Spielberg's ""Duel"" and Craven's ""The Hills Have Eyes"".Still this slasher yarn offers plenty of nasty violence and gore.The film's gory highlight is a sequence involving a man having his arm and leg chained together around a tree and then having his limbs dismembered when the chain is pulled by a truck.There is also a little bit of suspense and some exciting stalk-and-slash sequences.The acting is pretty lame and the script is quite weak),-0.25
(,"I was living in Barstow Ca. in 1968 when the movie The Killers Three arrived at the local theater. The trailer was enough to get me to pay my hard earned money to see this movie. I was really expecting a Bonnie And Clyde movie and I got Dick Clark playing a shy nerdy guy while Robert Walker and Diane Varsi played an poor attempt of reinacting Bonnie and Clyde. Needless to say it never went over well. Maybe this is why it never made it to video. Even as a kid I was left some what ripped off as I left the theater. After all the best parts where in the trailer of the movie. The movie was dull and pretty much pointless. By the way),-0.42857142857142855
(,"The Dukes of Hazzard will academy awards!! Best actor and actress 4 the persons who can say with a straight face that this was a great movie.<br /><br />This ""movie"" was a torture to watch. So sad how an weekly half hour entertainment was destroyed by these amateurs.The only good thing about this crap was the car! I remember when Daisy was a real threat to look 4ward 2. Who's the moron that decided that Jessica Simpson is hot?! We know she can't act but come on. In the TV show Daisy was a fox and brunette.<br /><br />All members who contributed in these waste of time please please please don't even think about makin a sequel),-0.6153846153846154
(,"I saw this movie on late night TV out of Buffalo about 30 years ago and I'm dying to see it again one more time before I... well.. you know. The interaction between the main characters after the Tiger (Eli Wallach) ""captures"" his prey (Anne Jackson) in a botched kidnapping attempt is absolutely hilarious. Charles Nelson Reilly's portrayal of a neurotic university dean(?) or department head is priceless. How many films can you name which are able to illuminate humanity's struggle for meaning and fulfillment by making you laugh from beginning to end? This film reminds us that we are all in that same struggle regardless of class),-1.0
(,".... And after seeing this pile of crap you won't be surprised that it wasn't published <br /><br />!!!! SPOILERS !!!!<br /><br />This is a terrible movie by any standards but when I point out that it's one of the worst movies that has the name Stephen King in the credits you can start to imagine how bad it is . The movie starts of with two characters staring open mouthed at a scene of horror : <br /><br />"" My god . What happened here ? "" <br /><br />"" I don't know but they sure hate cats "" *<br /><br />The camera pans to the outside of a house where hundreds of cats are strung up dead and mutilated . Boy this guy is right ),-2.4285714285714284
(,"I look around in the video store still in shock how Steven Seagal with his track record of Bad action movies can still have 3 movies hit the shelves in less than a Year.Attack force being the 3rd no less promised the first-time entrance into the Sci Fi Genre for our ever widening Seagal.Visions of bad movie entertainment flashed before my gullible eyes.Sadly this is not the case one bit with no entertainment and a movie as bad as they come.<br /><br />Seagal rebounded a tiny bit with the Trashy-but enjoyable Shadow Man last time we saw him.However Attack force has to be his absolute worst movie ever!Don't argue for out for a Kill),-1.75
(,"absolutely trash. i liked Halloween and from then on johnny's been in a downward spiral. this is about the pits. we get it john. pro-lifers are scary! you don't have to make a shitty film that bores the hell out of me to 'tell' me.<br /><br />The pacing is way off here. It feels like john didn't have much to work with here. to his credit it looks like he did not write this junk. There are countless times where the camera just sits and waits for the actors to look dumb or say something dumb. i love the long cut. too bad carpenter doesn't know how to employ it. he needs to bunk up with Herzog and Fassbinder 30 years ago. Please John),-0.5
(,"David Duchovney creates a role that he was to replicate somewhat in Californication - the troubled talent. And it is a role he plays well.<br /><br />This thriller starts off at a good speed and carries you through to the end. Timothy Hutton plays a fine villain and Angelina Jolie pouts. The story of a disgraced doctor finding his way into a criminal world is well scripted. Drug addiction and a desire for the sultry Jolie mix a heady cocktail. Unfortunately towards the end the story gets a little weaker and the relationships between villains and the FBI is muddled and rushed as if it was created only to develop the final scene. But),-0.16666666666666666
(,"Akin's prize-winning 2004 movie Head-On/Gegen die Wand depicted the appealingly chaotic world of a self-destructive but dynamic Turkish-German rocker named Cahit (Birol Ünel). This documentary is an offshoot of Head-On and explores the range of music one might find in Istanbul today if one were as energetic and curious as German avant-rock musician Alexander Hacke of the group Einstuerzende Neubauten (who arranged the sound track and performed some of the music for Head-On) and had the assistance of a film crew and Turkish speakers provided by director Akin. You get everything from rap to the most traditional Turkish classical song),-0.5
(,"I have been looking for this film for ages because it is quite rare to find as it was one of the video nasties. I finally found it on DVD at the end of last year it is a very low budget movie The story is set around amazon jungle tribes that are living in fear of the devil. Laura Crawford is a model who is kidnapped by a gang of thugs while she is working in South America. They take her into the jungle Laura is guarded by some ridiculous native who calls himself ""The Devil"" she has to go though all unpleasant things until they are happy. Maidens are Chained up. The devil demonstrates eating flesh in a horrible manner. Peter Weston),-2.6666666666666665
(,"If they could get Ed Asner why didn't they get other actors instead of people who go to the same church as the producers? And why did the protagonist throw the wise old sage character to the ground when he was never in danger. It forced the old guy to mask the injury out of pride and so the young guy would feel guilty leaving him with a life long disability. I guess thats why the main character refuses money though and why the old guy works him like a dog even when he volunteers for extra work. If the d-bag boyfriend is a bad guy because he is long-distance boyfriend then why is a soldier any better. He has good reason to be jealous),-0.8571428571428571
(,"This is a fantasy movie for kids based on the Boggy Creek Legend although I don't know why they called it Return to Boggy Creek as if it's a sequel.This movie has nothing to do with the documentary and its fantasy kiddie fare. Dawn Wells stars as the mother of 3 children who get lost in the swamp around Boggy Creek with 2 other men and the monster comes to their aid. Yes it's very silly and the plot is corny but this kind of movie is perfect for the 8-12 y/o group which it targeted. It's harmless G-rated kiddie fare and at least you don't have to worry about leaving your kids alone while they watch it. Strictly for the 8-12 y/o set ),-0.6666666666666666
(,"This movie just pulls you so deeply into the two main characters. I popped it into my laptop without even reading the cover (let alone reviews) and was intrigued for two solid hours. Two lost ships from two different worlds collide. The sexual tension that brews between a secretary and a criminal is almost palpable even without hardly any physical contact. Toward the end I couldn't decide which I wanted more: Our hero and heroine to pull off their caper or simply consummate their passion. RML could've done without a curious subplot and a traditional 100 minutes would have been plenty. I'm nitpicking though. After a series of Netflix),-0.5714285714285714
(,"... And boy is it soft <br /><br />I saw this on cable channel Bravo one Saturday night and here in Britain we often have these dire "" Erotic "" soft core movies turning up late at night on Bravo . This one follows a WEIRD SCIENCE type plot of a couple of college geeks building a virtual reality headset that makes you have sexual fantasies . <br /><br />When you`ve seen one of these movies you`ve seen them all with a bunch of bimbos looking like they`re advertising silicone implants . Come on I`ve actually seen breasts in real life ( I`m sure some other of us have too ) and they wobble around unlike here where they defy the laws of ),-0.5
(,"I own all family guy seasons so far and i have to say Vol. 6 has been the biggest disappoint of them all. There are still plenty of laughs to be found here but i think Vol. 6 like the last few volumes is slowly providing less and less laughs. At least for me.<br /><br />The biggest annoyance i had with Vol. 6 is it seems to be VERY heavy in left wing politics. I'm a big believer in if you can laugh at other people you should be able to laugh at yourself but this Volume REALLY seems to shove their political view points down your throat and i think it takes a lot away from the show. Insinuated all conservative sates are horrible places),-0.125
(,"When voting I was going to give a 2 but when seeing that 1 meant awful it hit the nail on the head.The portrayal of native americans as blood thirsty savages is deeply disturbing to me.This is the third film I've seen of D.w. griffiths where races of men are stereotyped in ugly ways.The man isn't able to tell his side of the story so I'm going to try and keep away from attacking Mr. griffith personally.In my opinion the three films probably influenced the thinking of millions of people and their children's children.Films like this probably made for many of the resentments that are still with us..Some may say the camera work was great),-0.8571428571428571
(,"Dracula 3000 or Van Helsing ""Dracula's Revenge"" (Cheap cash in on another lame Vampire flick) as I saw it is a master class in how not to make a movie. A rag tag collection of misfit salvager's board a previously lost cargo ship ""The Demeter"" in the (cough) Carpathian System (which later is upgraded to the Carpathian Galaxy) and awake a relentless evil (in this case the script). The film is a bizarre bastardization of Event Horizon and whatever the lamest Vampire film of all time is.<br /><br />****Spoliers Follow**** After a plethora of production company logos and a credit sequence that most of the budget must have been blown on),-2.2
(,"After hearing the word of mouth of just how bad this film is I took the plunge and bought the DVD. That said everything previously mentioned about this film is true. For a film that claimed to have a budget in the millions it just does not show on the screen at all. The list of problems with the film could drag on forever. Chief amongst them is the film is simply too long. It dragged on for a few minutes short of 3 hours. Nearly an hour probably could have been cut off the run time had the editor simply removed the overabundance of scenes dealing with nothing more then the main character wandering around aimlessly. <br /><br />Secondly),-1.6
(,"I don't know what it was about this film that made me react so viscerally against it. Perhaps it was the characters who so unlikable and were not compelling enough to care about. Perhaps it was the disorganized storyline. Perhaps it was the fact that Rob Lowe wore a long dangly earring and eyeliner. Perhaps it was because at some point in the movie they all break out in song. Perhaps it was because the 1980s were never that 80s. Perhaps it was because everything was a garish hyperbole. Perhaps it was because a character pumps his fist while driving away from the camera during a fade out. I don't know what it was that made me hate it so),-1.0
(,"I have to give this movie a 4 because of a couple of things.<br /><br />1. What I'll call the ""stupid victim syndrome"". If you have the killer on the floor and you have his gun - shoot him please. If you are a cop and you have your shotgun pointed at the killer's back - shoot him please.<br /><br />2. When you are in a high stress situation and you have your finger on the trigger of a gun - your first instinct is to squeeze. This is one of the first things they teach you in handgun training and the reason that you don't put your finger on the trigger until you are ready to fire - ask any hunter or infantryman. If you are electrocuted),-1.5714285714285714
(,"I remember the trailer for this infamously weak spin-off of Conan. I saw the movie years later and laughed my head off. Unintentionally! Poor Briggite Nielson. Her career never had a chance thanks to Cobra and Red Sonja. The plot of the movie is this: Sonja(Brigitte Nielson) hails from a tribe of female warriors who were killed off by an evil queen Gedren(Sandahl Bergman). Queen Gedren steals the orb the female warriors were protecting and uses it to destroy each town she passes by. Sonja goes on a hunt for Queen Gedren and later finds out that Gedren killed her parents. On her quest she reluctantly joins Kalidor(Arnold Schwarzenegger)),-1.2222222222222223
(,"SPOILER ALERT.<br /><br />This movie will spoil your afternoon or ""wee small hours of the morning"" viewing slot.<br /><br />I like Marc Singer. He has portrayed good characters in the roles I have seen. Until this movie.<br /><br />What starts as a promising movie soon disappears up itself with the disastrous cgi'd background and the extreme close up on the person about to die...<br /><br />Then it gets worse.<br /><br />A lot worse.<br /><br />To describe it as hammy acting would insult pigs. This movie goes to the bottom of the ham barrel and scrapes the acting off there.<br /><br />Apart from Marc Singer's overcooked hamming it up),-0.2
(,"I was looking for a documentary of the same journalistic quality as Frontline or ""Fog of War"" (by Errol Morris). Instead I was appalled by this shallow and naive account of a very complex and disturbing man and his regime: Alberto Fujimori. This movie should be called ""The return of Fujimori"". The director presumes she made a ""perfect"" movie because alienates both pro and anti-Fujimori factions when in fact it is a very biased and unprofessional piece of work. <br /><br />The movie has few crucial facts wrong: <br /><br />1) She uses the so called ""landslide"" election of 1995 in which Fujimori was re-elected with 65% of the vote),-1.1666666666666667
(,"SCARECROWS seems to be a botched horror meets supernatural film. A group of thugs pull off a paramilitary-like robbery of the payroll at Camp Pendleton in California. They high-jack a cargo plane kidnapping the pilot and his daughter with demands to be flown to Mexico. Along the way one greedy robber decides to bailout with the money landing in a cornfield monitored by strange looking scarecrows. These aren't just any run-of-the-mill scarecrows...they can kill. The acting is no better than the horrible dialog. And the attempts at humor are not funny. Very low budget and shot entirely in the dark.<br /><br />The cast includes: Ted Vernon),-0.8888888888888888
(,"What can be said about THIS? Truly one of the most mind-numbing experiences of my life. Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation. I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover. This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films. I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way. I mean this in a terrible way. A terrible way.<br /><br />This film has no redeeming features. Everything is appalling. Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable),-0.5
(,"This movie is a terrible waste of time. Although it is only an hour and a half long it feels somewhere close to 4. I have never seen a movie move so slowly and so without a purpose. This is also a ""horror"" film that takes place a lot of the time during daylight. My friend and I laughed an insane amount of times when we were probably supposed to be scared.<br /><br />The only thing we want to know is why such a terrible movie was released in so many countries. It cannot be that high in demand. <br /><br />The supermodel Nicole Petty should stick to modeling because although she is beautiful she lost her accent so many times in this movie),-0.875
(,"I got this movie in the $5 bin at walmart. I would not recommend watching this move. I might give it to one of my friends if I am angry at them and want them to suffer for 2 hours.<br /><br />I looked at the cover and skimmed through the summary and thought it was a war movie. I wish I would have known how boring this movie was going to be before turning it on. It was my mistake to think something was going to happen in this movie. It's just about a group of people going from one boot camp to another. The drill sargents treat the soldiers very badly and the main character tries to help people get out of fighting in Vietnam.<br /><br />Okay),-0.9
(,"So lame it isn't even funny. A zombie infection overtakes a small college campus and a government squad of secret operatives back up a couple of scientists sent to find the origin of the outbreak. Collecting zombie DNA damn sure is not easy. Once bitten you're one of ""them"". The entire university has been completely infected by the run amok undead.<br /><br />This sequel does not even redeem the awful original HOUSE OF THE DEAD(2003). Senseless entertainment is accomplished though. A few glimpses of female nakedness added to a gaggle of gore and exploding heads should keep any zombie freak happy. Credited cast members: Emmanuelle Vaugier),-1.8
(,"This movie was very funny with just a bit of gore. It is about two grave robber that are going about business as usual when they discover that there is a different clientèle they can serve. This changes the direction of the corpses they collect. The movie is told by the younger of the two as he is explaining the business to a priest before he is sent to be beheaded. His partner had already been beheaded. The priest is required to take down the last confession and it takes the form of a story. There is some animation thrown in which gives it a Tales From the Crypt feel. In the story we meet another group of grave robbers that everyone fears),-0.5
(,"Dead To Rights is about a Police Officer named Jack Slate who finds his murdered father and goes after the man that he thinks killed him.Jack is later shot and framed for the murder of the man he suspected of killing his father.<br /><br />Several months later on the day Jack is going to be executed he escapes from prison and searches the city for the man who framed him for murder.Jack's search leads him through a trail of *beep* that doesn't end until everyone is dead.<br /><br />Through out the game Jack uses weapons from M4 Carbines to his dog Shadow to kill endless streams of people in 15 levels.The game play is basically ""kill 30 people),-2.25
(,"We should have been suspicious to discover that with only two minutes to lights out we were the only ones there. Only five others joined before the movie began.<br /><br />There is nothing at all to redeem this movie. The acting is awful (especially Ms Hurley). The script is banal. The effects we've seen a million times. The film direction the worst that we've seen. Meandering and disjointed. No-one laughed including the kids.<br /><br />We left after 25 minutes. It would have been sooner if my wife hadn't gone for a hot-dog!!!<br /><br />Do not waste your money on this film. If there's nothing else to watch at your cinema then buy some drinks),-1.6
(,"I remember seeing this movie a long time ago on television. I remember the premise of the movie being about a bunch of hotel occupants being attacked by man-eating ants. What I didn't remember was HOW AWFUL IT WAS!!!<br /><br />I recently caught this movie on television late at night. I'm sure it must have been a mistake because movies like this usually disappear from existance and are never to be found again! Suzanne Somers (at the pinnacle of her career playing Chrissy on 'Three's Company') plays a vacationer at Lakewood Manor. Constructions workers are installing a swimming pool outside and accidentally disturb an ants' nest. Or should I say),-1.0
(,"The beginning of this movie was good. It started to get really dumb after he told the people he wanted to kill himself. I think if I came from a little town like that I would be offended after seeing this movie. They made a lot of these people look dumb and crazy. How could these people have so little to do that they follow him around all day. A lot of times these people were telling him ways to kill himself like they were urging him to do it. How can so many people have little respect for other people? I also think they could have made a much better ending for this movie. There were some good parts to this movie also. Some people might like it),-0.3
(,"The first and only time I saw the woman in black was I think the only time to my knowledge it appeared on TV back in 1989. It was Christmas eve and my father and i were watching it in the living room shortly before we all went to a midnight service in the village church. I was quite young at the time but i'm not sure who was more terrified walking through the church yard to the entrance of the church that night me or my father!.<br /><br />There are many factors about this film that make it so creepy but i think 0ne of them is the fact that there's not much in the way of a sound track that plays in the background of nearly every Hollywood movie),-3.0
(,"This is possibly one of the worst movies I have had the dis-pleasure of watching in my entire life. The plot is ridiculous and the characters are horrible people. I watched this film with 3 friends and we all agreed to turn it off 30 minutes before the end. Ben Kingsley's character is just plain stupid but not funny at all. It is a wonder why an actor of his talent would be involved in such tripe. Tea Leoni does a fine Hillary Clinton impression throughout to portray the very cold and uninteresting female lead who has all the endearing qualities of a broom handle. Throw in a pointless and unexplained sub-plot and a horribly cringe worthy montage),-0.25
(,"It's been so long since I've seen this movie (at least 15 years) and yet it still haunts me with a vivid image of the horrific consequences that prisoners of war can face despite the terms of the Geneva Convention.<br /><br />A unit of Australian underwater demolitions experts are captured in an archipelago near Japan following a successful mission to set mines in a Japanese harbor.<br /><br />Once in prison these men expect the same treatment as any other POWs but to their dismay soon learn from a friendly Japanese prison guard that they are being tried as spies since they were out of uniform when captured. The consequences of such an infraction),-0.875
(,"This is one of the worst films ever. I like cheesy movies but this is simply awful. Where are the images in the film that are on the box? I think more money was spent on the DVD box illustrations than on the entire film. <br /><br />Why would a company release a DVD that the cover is so misleading? I feel like such an idiot for renting this movie based strictly on the box. As much as I explore IMDb I should have done a little research and made a list prior to visiting my local video rental store. I have no one to blame except myself. I want my money and time back. <br /><br />DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE. <br /><br />Even if curiosity is motivating you),-0.25
(,"I just have to say that this was the third worst movie I have ever seen right after the attack of the murder tomato's 3 and starship troopers 2. It wasn't just dialogs or the paper walls or even the guns shots which just automagically disappeared with no holes in the walls. It was the horrible acting. No wonder that I have never seen these actors before they all probably slept with the director(s). I think i'am being nice to this movie now but that is only because i'am to tired from screaming at the movie (just saw it). My advice is to buy as many DVD's of this movie as you possibly can and burn it so no one ever can see this horrible waste of time),-1.4166666666666667
(,"The film that gave us John Waters is one of the funniest films ever. Yes it may be gross but it's filled with hysterical moments that nobody has done since. The infamous dog-scene has to be one of the highlights of cinema. not a film for the easily offended it's one of those movies where you always see something new. Divine's performance is worth the reputation. Mink Stole is hysterical. This is the film responsible for the Farrely brothers and the entire Gross-out comedy genre. I know that sounds a bit extreme but think about it. Before this comedies were very run of the mill and almost identical. After this movie comedies became strange and weird),-0.625
(,"The first time i saw it i got half of it but i watched and i knew later on it was about a salem witch trials. They focused on the Sara Good's family. SHE is famous for cursing a priest which came true. In the film it depicts her daughter dorcas and her husband the spirit of Ann Putnam Sara's husband comes to the future hunts this girl to redeem her soul. which does happen at the end of the movie. Dorcas is depict as witch at 5years old who is burned at the stake. Which never happen Ann putnam saves her from the flames. the girl is safe she goes to Ann putnam's grave to to see that is not empty but it is at first because she accuse her of witchcraft),-0.16666666666666666
(,"I just saw this film last night in the 2006 Tribeca Film Festival and it seriously makes me wonder if the folks at the festival actually screen the films before selecting them. The film was simply awful - I say that without hyperbole or ulterior motives - it was awful. Matthew Modine's days as a leading man are way over. Gina Gershon sported an inexplicable and unnecessary English accent - she should be ashamed of her participation in this film. Gloria Reuben had a weird little cameo in it - she should also be ashamed. The script was terrible and the we were given absolutely no reason to care about the characters. I highly doubt this will be picked up),-1.4285714285714286
(,"Kalifornia is a movie about lost ideals. A journey on the darkest road ever. The road of no return. The plot is about a couple that set out to find a better life in California. The man (David Duchovny in his best role up to now) wants to write a book about the famous crimes that have happened in America and his girl - who is a photographer - is going to take the pictures. So they set out on a trail of famous murders not knowing what awaits them on the way. To share the journey expenses they decide to find another couple and they put an ad. But the couple that answers it is not just ANY couple. It is one of the strangest couples ever. The girl is a naive),-0.5555555555555556
(,"Serum is about a crazy doctor that finds a serum that is supposed to cure all diseases through the power of the mind. Instead it creates some kind of monster that needs to eat human flesh and brains. The mad doc creates some zombies out of cadavers and has some problems. There is a very long lead into all the action with many scenes getting you acquainted with the characters. The mad doctor's nephew gets into a car accident and the mad doc tries to use his new serum on the boy. The results are not good. This is a class C film with OK acting but some troubles directing and some continuity errors. There isn't much zombie action in this one and the effects),-1.8571428571428572
(,"Yet another British romantic comedy which audiences all over the world seem to have a ravenous appetite for. This feeble effort is an unintentional parody of the genre - all the classic clichéd scenes are here from ridiculously elaborate misunderstandings to running after departing trains to declare one's love. The characters are one-dimensional caricatures save for Love-Hewitt who manages to bring some cohesion to the film. Things threaten to spiral out of control in the plausibility department as the film progresses; our good-natured suspension of belief finally comes crashing down during the preposterous ending. If you're looking for a Bridget Jones),-0.25
(,"Corny and some really bad acting but for a Golan-Globus film about right on par. Saw this movie back in 1985 mostly because I liked sword and sorcery films(what was i thinking?). Arnold is in it playing a high lord trying to make sure an ancient talisman is destroyed before it blows up the world.Brigitte Nielsen is the title character who at the time was Sly's girl and a pretty bad actress.Movie producers like to cast Playboy type women who cant act in low budget B movies. Brigitte cheeses it up as Sonya and Arnold acts wooden as Lord Kalidor.There is also Sandahl Bergman(who was in the original Conan movie as Valeria)here she plays the evil Queen Gedren),-1.0
(,"Matthew Aldrich. This is a name worthy of remembrance. This is the individual that took fingers to keyboard and came up with one of the worst scripts of all time. Cliché. Predictable. An insult to the public's intelligence.<br /><br />Is he the sole beneficiary of blame? Of course not. Renny Harlin took this abysmal excuse for a script and made it into a movie. Sam Jackson and Ed Harris actually read it (or not) and chose to star in it. Culpability abounds.<br /><br />This is the Denise Richards of film scripts. There aren't enough Razzies in the universe to give proper recognition to how truly horrible this writing really is.<br /><br />In all fairness),-1.4
(,"The title is the sound that one of the characters makes as he drives his imaginary trolley across the garbage dump where the characters live. The film is based on a series of stories by Shugoro Yamamoto and tells the story of a group of people who effectively live in ramshackle homes on the edge of the dump. It's a mix of laughter and sadness.<br /><br />First color film made by Akria Kurasowa has been something I've wanted to see for a long time. Weirdly it was often listed as being only available in a shortened version from a three or four hour original due to an error in the run time in some promotional material. I was holding out for the full version),-0.3333333333333333
(,"When I first saw this movie I was with my dad. He encouraged me to watch this movie because it was one of his favorites. After watching the movie it instantly became one of my favorites. <br /><br />A River Runs Through It is about two brothers who each take a different path in life. Norman Maclean (Craig Sheffer) is the older of the two brothers and he is set on the path of education. Paul Maclean (Brad Pitt) is the rebellious younger brother who travels on a path full of obstacles. The movie follows these characters as the each follow their own path.<br /><br />There is no downside to this movie. You will be entertained the whole way through. The acting),-0.3333333333333333
(,"ANY GUN CAN PLAY (2 outta 5 stars) Totally routine ""spaghetti western"" starring that guy who used to play ""Kookie"" on ""77 Sunset Strip"". The plot is some convoluted nonsense about some stolen gold coins and various gunmen of dubious motivation trying to track it down. This is one of those ""lighthearted"" westerns... which means lots of labored attempts at ""comedy""... and some really atrocious music during most of the action sequences (you can tell this isn't Ennio Morricone's work). George Hilton plays a bounty hunter called ""Stranger""... but he doesn't leave much of an impression... he just doesn't have the style of Clint Eastwood or Franco Nero),-0.5714285714285714
(,"Truly one of the most dire films I've ever sat through. I've never actually taken the time to write one of these but felt compelled to after witnessing this affront to film-making and feel somewhat aggrieved to be wasting my time on such a piece of turd to be honest. There were so many parts that infuriated me with their complete randomness and lack of sense (e.g. when would the police force ever shoot people with infectious diseases? When would hospitals ever through out such people for lack of a cure? Why was the guy who spotted him spying on his wife wandering around outside in his dressing gown whilst carrying a gun as she rolled around on the bed?). Also),-1.5
(,"From all of the Vietnam war movies this is probably the most frightening and disturbing and that is really saying a lot with so many spectacular ones that have come out. It has this freakish feel to it. Everything is so chaotic in the movie it scares you. It is not like it shows a lot of different things compared to the other Vietnam war movies. What does push to such a high level is the: <br /><br />The directing was spectacular here. Francis Ford Coppola shows of his talent in his last epic movie. Unlike other directors he makes you feel as if you are in the war. Most others just display and show you the horrors of war. Coppola though makes you feel confused),-1.5714285714285714
(,"A couple of teenagers have a little sex on the beach in the 1960s. That's all. They say they are fifteen while one of the actors is really twenty-five. Maybe this movie was somewhat revolutionary in 1978 in its way of touching `taboo' topics but I can't imagine that at that time anything shown in Esmiko Limon was regarded as tabooish.<br /><br />Shallow dialogues are mixed with disco music that is even shallower. The selection of songs doesn't involve anything but the very very well-known `classics' that are still heard on every second radio station today. The plot of American Pie is not much different but it is at least a little bit funny. Eskimo Limon is dull),-2.0
(,"I am not so old that I can't remember laughing at Bobcat Goldthwait a couple times. But some where in all his years of drug abuse he lost his sense of humor as well as his brain cells.<br /><br />From the moment this film opens you can have no sympathy nor empathy for the female lead. Neither will you find anything remotely funny after hearing the opening line. Goldthwait obviously hates himself so much that he needs to degrade in order to feel better- even if it is his own imaginary characters he degrades. <br /><br />If you ever saw Shakes the Clown you know how unfunny Bobcat was 15 years ago...this movie is worse. It was not even funny by accident It is sad),-0.25
(,"I bought this movie from Gamestop's discount used movie bin and the cover caused me to laugh uncontrollably so I bought it for 99cents. The movie itself is retarded and they use like ten different monkeys throughout the whole film that hardly look alike. Not to mention they use a stunt double who is just a short guy in costume making a desperate attempt to impersonate a monkey.<br /><br />The director more than likely committed a murder-suicide with the chimpanzees after the movie debuted in a preview for some other low rent Warner Bros. film and he ended up owing money to the studio. It also doesn't help that he wasn't even infamous for the terrible job he did),-0.2857142857142857
(,"After reading some very good reviews about this film I thought I would give it a watch and after being very disappointed with the film I thought I would give it my own review. This is my first ever so bare with me.<br /><br />First of all I would scratch horror from the genre as in no way is it horrific or scary in the slightest (with the exception of a few feeble attempts to make you jump unfortunately one of which worked on me.) I would say that calling this film a thriller is pushing it as I wasn't particularly thrilled either! The film is about a spoiled mischievous girl who faints a few times. During these times she visits a house which she has been drawing),-0.2857142857142857
(,"I just watched this yesterday and wanted to read other peoples scathing comments but found some high marks.<br /><br />WHAT??? This was probably the worst Asian horror movie I've seen.<br /><br />*spoilers* There were just so many fundamental problems with the story. A lot of Asian horror has the twist of spirits trying to help but just looking scary (with notable exceptions: ringu and Ju-on). This is the case here except they aren't scary. A pretty Asian woman who looks a little pale isn't scary at all. The ""monk"" character straight up explains everything as being a perfectly natural cycle of life; nothing scary there either. But the woman just doesn't get it),-0.3
(,"Little Mosque is one of the most boring CBC comedies I have ever seen. They have a way of producing the easiest comedy programming they can for the oldest most-easily-offended viewers which for CBC means 85 year old farmers in Saskatchewan. The jokes are all predictable and so deathly lame I can't believe it. The performances are very hammy and over acted but I don't blame the actors since those kind of one dimensional stereotyped characters are probably exactly what the CBC asked for and demanded. Very lame show with bad jokes they tried to present as ""controversial"" well it is less controversial than the other boring CBC comedies like The Hour Has 22 Minutes),-0.8571428571428571
(,"This is a Very Very VERY bad movie !<br /><br />The plot is weak the acting is bad and the science is worse.<br /><br />The special effects are unconvincing. The dramatic scenes are a joke. Every step of the way you can see coming a mile away. The end is disappointing and there is no suspense. The best aspect of the film is the soundtrack.<br /><br />The only reason not to give this a lower vote is because it is a TV movie and i believe the budget was low to start of with.<br /><br />I do believe that the young female fans of Luke Parry will still see this movie however he has done better work. Again this is Terrible. Very very very terrible. If you have a choice),-0.8571428571428571
(,"This movie is deeply idiotic. A man wants revenge for a crime- but when he enacts his revenge- there is a video camera pointed right at him the entire time. What man with a brain cell in his head would sit there and do this for so long in front of a video camera?<br /><br />Just the fact that this script could never even happen except with someone unable to dress themselves destroyed it for me- but it got dumber!!!<br /><br />I am thinking the script writers have some serious habits that are cooking their brain cells and making them miss plot holes you can drive an battalion of armored tanks through.<br /><br />PLOT: a man seeks revenge for the death of loved ones),-1.3333333333333333
(,"The third and last film of this trilogy is finally crystal clear. It is a political film more than a plain entertainment. Jason Bourne will finally know who he was and he will discover and remember the tortures he was submitted to in order to kill his old identity: he really killed some one who became his corpse. But the film is finally revealing that all this had been organized and planned by the CIA within a Blackfriars program that is also clearly revealed in this film as aiming at eliminating all American citizens who tried to prevent the control of the whole society by an established and limited group of people. Who was one essential officer of the CIA up to 1980),-1.8333333333333333
(,"(aka: The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance)<br /><br />Lots of naked babes in this one with a couple of lesbo scenes thrown in. The film is supposed to take place in Ireland but it looks more like Rome and the Adriatic to me.<br /><br />Gothic lesbians get invited to a Count's island castle for the weekend. One by one they seem to be missing their heads due to a madperson running around.<br /><br />It's not very scary or bloody and the rooms look like they are lit with floodlights even though candles are lit. Go figure...(sic)<br /><br />Dubbing is worse than usual and the plot only serves as an excuse for the eroticism and nudity. Directed by euro horror actor Alfredo Rizzo),-1.0
(,"Howling II (1985) was a complete 180 from the first film. Whilst the first film was campy and creepy. The second one was sleazy and cheesy. The production values on this one are pretty bad and the acting is atrocious. The brother of the anchorwoman werewolf from part one wants to find out what happened to his sis'. The ""scene"" from the first film was badly re-created. A skinny plain looking woman accompanies bro' (Reb Brown) to the old country (Romania) to uncover the mystery to her sister's murder/transformation/death. Christopher Lee appears and disappears over now and then as sort of a sage/guide to the two. Sybil Danning and her two biggest assets appear as Stirba),-0.8
(,"i came across this film on the net by fluke and i was horrified by its content of vivid abuse violence and torture scenes. it was a relief to know it was not real after reading the comments. what dangerously sick animals of a person make something like this and for what purpose goes beyond belief. i was even more shocked to see people appraising the film in the comments section of this site. this is a extremely disturbing film indeed which could change your life forever. the people behind this should be bought to justice asap. today they shown a girl getting raped and butchered on screen tomorrow it could be a child. even its fake or not its very very deathly disturbing),-1.8181818181818181
(,"It must be the most corniest TV show on the air. This is probably a escape for Jim Belushi and all of his bad movies. His brother sucked all the talent out he younger brother. I hope this show is canceled and never spoken of again except in a negative use. Jim has got to retire or something. Please let them go of the air. If i here a joke from that show i will throw up and and wash my eyes out with a toothbrush. Id rather be taken from the devil himself than watch a full half hour that piece of programing. I still do not understand why the show is still in the air and running. We all know deep down that we want to shoot our TV screens when we see Jim's face. In conclusion),-0.2857142857142857
(,"The box at my video store is why I rented this one. It looked cool from the guys face axed in half so of course I had to give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised when I actually watched it being an ""Evil Dead"" fan. The Swedish makers must of been fans as well as they included lots of references in this masterpiece. A criminal tries to break into the house Evil Ed was editing the movies that ultimately drive him insane in and says ""groovy"" as he looks at his weapon quite like Bruce Campbell does when he finishes his chainsaw hand in Evil Dead 2. There is also many posters of that movie scattered around the house and office in the movie. They don't just spoof Evil Dead),-0.6
(,"It is a truism that it takes a lot of effort to make a bad movie - this one is no exception.<br /><br />I am no lover of yanks but their amazingly simplistic view of the world and their ability to reduce everything to black and white as well as make events (even fictional ones in novels) fit an agenda that bears little or no relationship to complexity of any kind is irritating in the extreme.<br /><br />Wilbur Smith is descriptively verbose but weaves intricate tales that deserve more than has been delivered by this awful mishmash of a movie.<br /><br />Sad really for those who will never read Smith. They will be left with a less than decent portrayal of his Egyptian series),-0.5
(,"This is a student film and it's a piece of crap. I would use much stronger language to describe it but then the review wouldn't be posted and the world needs to know- beyond any possible reasonable doubt- this movie REALLY SUCKS.<br /><br />There seems to be a different ruler used when measuring an already famous director's early work. Like somehow it was genius that we were just too stupid to comprehend since he finally got it right now today. I'm not buying it. The early movie ""Bad taste"" made by the LOTR Peter Jackson's sucks and this ""early work"" from another famous director really sucks the same way too. These ""early works"" are representative of crappy everything),-1.5
(,"...and normally i don't like surprises!! Watch this movie by chance in a motel in South Africa second week of a three month motorbiking holiday in ZA. Apart from being well shot and acted it helped me in understanding the countries problems tremendously. Just watched the "" Million Dollar Baby"" and had to look up Hillary Swank since the name sounded somewhat familiar and her acting was superb. Didn't realise she was the solicitor in the ""Red Dust"". Well now i'm not to worried that she will disappear as so many other sidekicks of Clint before... Now i am being asked to write ten whole lines of comment which is rather ridiculous for i have written what i wanted to write. OK),-0.8333333333333334
(,"A group of young travelers that just ran out of gas go into a weird wax museum called ""Saluesen's Lost Oasis"" owned by a strange man named Slausen (Chuck Conners) as the dummies are controlled by some mysterious force and a madman with special powers wants them dead.<br /><br />One of the most under-appreciated horror movies of the late 70's! This Charles Band (producer of ""Re-Animator"")production has became one of the scariest and most unique low budget horror productions of it's day combining some psychological themes along without having to result some gore like the usual slasher movie. The movie keeps the viewer on the edge of their seats with tension and some scares),-0.5
(,"Steven Seagal movies have never been Oscar material but with each passing release they get worse and worse.<br /><br />This one starts with Seagal getting picked up by the FBI because he killed a few people 'in self defence' he's active military so is saved from jail to rescue a stolen Stealth plane that will be used by the cliché 'evil English villain' that Hollywood is so obsessed with including these days.<br /><br />Suffice to say the film has terrible dialog that is almost always delivered with a hefty topping of cheese and lack of acting talent. The story isn't interesting and there are segments of it which make absolutely no sense and do not add anything to the story),-0.45454545454545453
(,"The problems with Nikhil Advani's Salaam-e-Ishq are many. A one-line concept that looks good on paper (which also worked in an earlier English film - Love Actually) goes terribly wrong thanks to inept and shallow writing. A well-intentioned idea gets crushed to smithereens under the weight of its own gargantuan ambition. A director so completely besotted by his own much applauded first film goes overboard with the devices that worked in his earlier film (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try counting the number of times the device of split screens is used in this flick. The problem is - what worked fabulously in Kal Ho Na Ho were the emotional excesses of the Karan Johar school of film-making),-0.5
(,"Where to begin? Anachronism? High tech cross bow with a scope in about 500AD? Arrows with explosive charges in 500AD? A monster Grendel that looks like a robocop and obviously never interacts with any of the weapons fired or swung against him? The heart torn out of his victim's chest without any sense of contact? Possibly the blond who would fit in on a recent fashion show with her make-up and streaked hair? The ancient Danish court represented in Classical Greek style? The queen played by Marina Sirtis more savaged by her makeup artist than by madness? The effects are way too weak to carry this story. There are some stories that don't mind or even benefit from cheap effects),-0.42857142857142855
(,"My take on the ending. Bobby died at the hands of his step father. Mike had tried as he may to get Bobby out. Only a child could think that it would be possible to build a machine that could fly. Bobby died.... Mike as a child survived by creating an alternative ending in his mind...on how Bobby left....Mike made a plane that flew Bobby out. Children who are sexually and violent abused often create whole other worlds in their minds to survive.<br /><br />Was also great seeing my old housing area. We called it San Jose Boulevard and I lived right around where these house were filmed. It was so strange to see that they filmed inside the houses...not studios... It was my kitchen),-0.8333333333333334
(,"This is definitely the biggest surprise of the festival so far and without a doubt the best the festival has had to offer. I went into this film with little to no expectations after learning that the director was responsible for the awful vampire flick The Forsaken. and I left pleasantly surprised. The film stars Lori heuring of In Crowd fame as a young mother whose husband has just passed. She moves into an old family home in the mountains with her two daughters next to a mine that is a gravesite to overworked children back in the day. Unlucky for them the children return with a vengeance killing and eating everyone in their path. The film works on many levels. It's well done),-0.2857142857142857
(,"I grew up watching Scooby and have been a fan forever. This cartoon moves away from the same old routine that can get boring to viewers. The Crooks in Mask routine gets old and This cartoon is a change from that. It's not meant to replace the Scooby gang it's just a break from the same old crime scene for both viewers and writers I'm sure. The cartoon's focus is on Scooby and Shaggy who inherits a large sum of money and use that money to thwart world conquest plans from a mad scientist and his goons. Small homages of the gang and the gang themselves are featured from time to time. If you are a fan of Scooby-Doo you can still appreciate the bond between a boy and his talking dog),-0.42857142857142855
(,"I feel blessed to own what is known as the worst Steven Seagal movie ever made. I knew I was on to something special when Steven opened his mouth and someone else's voice came out. By the middle of the film my eyes were beginning to hurt and I was almost falling out of my chair with uncontrollable laughter.<br /><br />Steven is Steven (with an ever changing voice) and totally unbelievable in his role (as always). Who the hell lets people with bad nappy-hair pony tail mullets into the Forces anyway? He also always writes himself into totally unbelievable love interests with women at least 20 years his junior. The supporting actors all look like they've been shot in the dark - btw),-0.7272727272727273
(,"My friends usually can put up with a lot of hopeless movies but this one was too poor for us to even watch it to the end. It was just so boring and unoriginal. Not even the ""hot"" girls that starred in this movie could keep me watching. Everything was just predicable and annoying.<br /><br />The acting was at times good.....but more times bad. The most annoying character in the whole movie that you just wanted to die would have to be the main characters best friend. The more i saw him the more i wanted to smash my screen. (you know what fat ugly kid I'm talking about)<br /><br />The plot has been done so many times before i think they should be sued by other movie companies. OK),-1.7142857142857142
(,"The movie is being televised as I write.<br /><br />I simply forgot how horrible an experience I had watching it in the cinema.<br /><br />The whole idea of the movie is flawed. The fact that intelligent Europeans and Americans stranded in the desert forget all concept of morals and civilization within a couple of days is laughable. The madness of Lord of the flies was longer in the making.<br /><br />Details that annoy are plenty. One is the single African god-like character that mysteriously survives the horrible climate and have done so for ages without losing his mind and he seems to have no supply-problems either. Ridiculous. So too is the rescue attempt from the tour guide),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Fire And Ice is an animated film set in a fantasy world. The film is about a village that is destroyed by a giant glacier which is the home of the evil ice lord named Nekron. The only survivor of the village is a young man named Larn who sets out to avenge those who were killed by the glacier. The ice glacier moves through the land of fire and the princess of the land named Teegra is kidnapped by evil creatures. Larn sets out to find her and also sets out to find and kill Nekron. Fire And Ice is directed by Ralph Bakshi who is one of my favourite adult animators. He has brought us such animated masterpieces as the film version of Fritz The Cat and some films he has written himself),-1.375
(,"This is a very unusual film which starts out with a rich dude getting a brand new sports car for graduation and decides to take it for a spin in the local town. Rich boy meets poor girl in 'Mabels Diner'who is a waitress and local boy friend gets very upset and a fight starts out. There is a car chase and all kinds of problems seem to take place and the Rich boy and Poor boy wind up having to do Community Service as ordered by the town judge. Rich boy and Poor boy just do not get along and the Rich boy winds up winning the heart and soul of the poor boy's girl friend. There are plenty of walks in the woods and poetry is quoted and some very deep thoughts about life. Poor Girl says),-0.42857142857142855
(,"Tony Scott directs a thriller sports flick that should attract even the non-sports fan. And some say baseball is a dead sport...boring...too damn slow. Well perk up! On the outside he appears to be a disgruntled salesman(Robert De Niro) while on the inside he is a psychotic San Francisco Giants fan. Along comes a new slugger(Wesley Snipes)and designated savior from the doldrums. Our salesman harbors a murderous obsession when the hard hitting all star falls into the worst slump in his career and the Giants are feared to crumble along with him. De Niro is terror personified. Snipes seems very natural as the ballplayer. Other notables in the cast are: the still attractive Ellen Barkin),-1.875
(,"When at the very start of the film Paleontologist Donald Sutherland arrives at the Argyle family's house and it comes out he is the undeniable alibi for one of the members executed for murdering his mother two years ago your sensation is that you are about to watch a top thriller; an innocent man has been convicted and a killer is still around. But as the film runs along your disappointment increases inevitably.<br /><br />""Ordeal by Innocence"" is a dull and at times even boring film that doesn't raise at any moment. Nothing interesting happens all along and even the final revealing of the facts lacks surprise and intensity (wether you guessed or not).<br /><br />Donald Sutherland),-1.0
(,"Where was this film when I was a kid? After his parents split up Tadashi moves with his mom to live his his grandfather. Tadashi's sister stays with their dad and they talk frequently on the phone. Grandfather is only ""here"" every third day. Moms never really home. The kids always are picking on the poor kid. During a village festival Tadashi is chosen the ""kirin rider"" or spiritual champion of the peace and justice. Little does he suspect that soon he will have to actually step into role of hero as the forces of darkness join up with the rage of things discarded in a plot to destroy mankind and the spiritual world.<br /><br />Okay that was the easy part. Now comes the hard part),-0.45454545454545453
(,"This is an abysmal piece of story-telling. It is about an hour into the movie before we have much idea of what it is supposed to be about; the characters often mumble inaudibly; actions frequently seem to have no relation to each other; nobody seems to be concerned about who actually murdered the girl; a pair of spooky kids go swimming in waters that seem threatening but nothing happens; the Irishman gets punched in the face by one of his buddies for no apparent reason ... to continue would be as boring as the movie itself. The only half-entertaining element is the landscape photography; but anyone could point a camera at the Australian outback a get memorable shots. Overall - dreary),-1.8
(,"A couple of men are ship-wrecked on a remote island. They are then captured by an insane count who lives there with a small group of servants; while in the castle dungeon lives the count's unfortunate leper wife.<br /><br />The Dungeon of Harrow is pretty much a hack job of a movie. The amateur actors all sleepwalk through the film while an annoyingly insistent score continually plays in the background. The various bits of action are all filmed in an incredibly unenergetic way; in fact the film in general is completely lethargic. It just seems to drag on and on. And even though the ending isn't too bad you will be hard-pressed to care by that point. As an example of 60's Gothic horror),-0.6
(,"I haven't seen a film in a long time that moved me and gripped me in such a way; that I couldn't take my eyes off the screen. I was busting for the loo; and I didn't even want to pause it because I was drawn right in. Emotive; powerful; very moving; horrific and heart-breaking. It gives you an amazing insight to South Africa; their struggles and their lives. The acting by the leads were mind-blowing and the script was incredible. Despite the terrible events that unfold in this film and how horrific the story is; I was captivated. I don't want to even try and explain the story; it's way too complex and I wouldn't do it justice. Please see this; you'll understand why when you do. Cheers),-0.7142857142857143
(,"Cheezy action movie starring Dolph Lungren. Lungren is a one time military man who has retreated into a teaching job. But the changes in the neighborhood and the student body have left him frustrated and he decides that he?s going to hang it up. Things get dicey when while watching over a bunch of students in detention some robbers take over the school as a base of operation for an armored car robbery. Its Dolph versus the baddies in a fight to the death. Jaw dropping throw back to the exploitation films of the late grindhouse era where bad guys dressed as punks and some of the bad women had day glow hair. What a stupid movie. Watchable in a I can?t believe people made this sort of way),-2.1666666666666665
(,"OK this movie was made for one reason and one reason only TO MAKE MONEY!!The producers obviously didn't care about killing a classic horror movie. I knew this movie would suck as soon as it was going to be a pg-13 how many pg-13 slashers movies have turned out to be good? Thats like asking how many women have been on the moon? The answer is NONE!! Prom night 1980 was of cource no masterpiece but it certainly deserves to be recognised as a movie that stays true to its genre and deosnt try to be anything more than that.<br /><br />My problem with Prom night 2008 is the way that it handles the killer and i have 3 major problems with him.....................<br /><br />1)The way he escapes),-0.2
(,"George Cukor directs a brooding and cynical classic. The distinctive Ronald Coleman is at his best in this piece of Noir about an actor who loses himself in his roles. The acclaimed Anthony John(Colman)has driven his wife Brita(Signe Hasso)away with his highly fueled temper and erratic behavior. But the two manage to continue working together to please their audiences. Things begin to change as John is becoming bored with his career; he reluctantly agrees to play Othello. He gets deep into character as a jealous and murderous man. He begins walking a thin line between illusion and reality and ends up confusing his role with his own life and eventually kills his mistress(Shelley Winters)),-1.1
(,"This astonishing waste of production money is filmic proof that the rich and famous can be just as stupid and wasteful as politicians. From a (silly) play by Tennessee Williams and directed (with a dead hand) by Joseph Losey and starring Taylor and Burton and Noel Coward - this project filmed in a spectacular cliff-top mountain island mansion in the Mediterranean must have seemed a sure fire winner when presented to Universal in 1967. The result is so absurd and tedious that it almost defies belief. Visually the film is spectacular but that is the force of nature that has allowed the setting and the fact that a real home is used instead of a set. The shrill antics of a screeching Taylor),-0.42857142857142855
(,"This show is unbelievable in that . . . what it represents and what it focuses on and . . . words cannot describe how insane ET is. They will report anything. If a celebrity is even remotely indirectly connected to the story ET will report on it. If a dog poop in the Tom Cruise's yard they will report on it. If a celebrity dies . . . they will talk about it for weeks on end to the point where the public envy that celebrity. If a celebrity is on trial . . . ET will report it for MONTHS on end. There is no end to what this show will reports and no time frame that dictates how long they will focus on a story. Is it even considered legitimates reporting? The reports are so dang annoying too),-1.3333333333333333
(,"The plot of this terrible film is so convoluted I've put the spoiler warning up because I'm unsure if I'm giving anything away. The audience first sees some man in Jack the Ripper garb murder an old man in an alley a hundred years ago. Then we're up to modern day and a young Australian couple is looking for a house. We're given an unbelievably long tour of this house and the husband sees a figure in an old mirror. Some 105 year old woman lived there. There are also large iron panels covering a wall in the den. An old fashioned straight-razor falls out when they're renovating and the husband keeps it. I guess he becomes possessed by the razor because he starts having weird dreams. Oh yeah),-1.6666666666666667
(,"""CIA Codename:Alexa"" is an absolute horrible rip off of Luc Besson's classic film ""La Femme Nikita""(1990). The film is basically about a woman who is taken in and trained by the CIA and is forced to do a secret mission for them. (Pretty much the same story structure of La Femme Nikita) The acting combo of Lorenzo Lamas and O.J. Simpson is perhaps the worst in cinema history. Lamas' ""acting"" is simply a bad Steven Segal impersonation. Watching Orenthal act in this film is an excruciating experience.<br /><br />The writing and acting is so poor in this film at times it is laughable. There are so many action movie ""conventions"" in the film it is ridiculous: unnecessary car explosions),-2.4
(,"After the unexpected accident that killed an inexperienced climber (Michelle Joyner). Eight months has passed... The Rocky Mountain Rescue receive a distress call set by a brilliant terrorist mastermind Eric Quaien (John Lithgow). Quaien has lost three large cases that has millions of dollars inside. Two experienced climbers Walker (Sylvester Stallone) and Tucker (Micheal Rooker) and a helicopter pilot (Janine Turner) are to the rescue but they are set by a trap by Quaien and his men. Now the two climbers and pilot are forced to play a deadly game of hide and seek. While Quaien is trying to find the millions of dollars and he kidnapped Tucker to find the money. Once Tucker finds the money),-0.7777777777777778
(,"I am writing this review having watched it several months ago....the trailer looked promising enough for me to buy this lame excuse for a movie. It is a complete joke....and literally a spit in the face of real classics of the early generation of horror like Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) which they even had the gall to compare itself to on the back of the cover art. The producer who played Brandon should go flip burgers and serve up greasy hamburgers....hell he might not even be good at that either! The lighting was bad bad bad and a big annoyance through out the film you couldn't even see the actor's faces sometimes. I don't even remember the rest of the cast members which is sad really),-1.0
(,"I first see this film almost 21 years ago when it was an ITV (before the days of cable and satellite) Matinée. i was off School with the Mumps and i was totally wrapped in the film. i have had it on bought video for about 10 years and i want to obtain a DVD copy of it. David Niven is my all time favourite actor and i think it is a travesty that he was over looked so many times when the Oscars came around. i also think that the queen should have knighted him as he easily did as much for the movie industry if not more than Sean Connery or Anthony Hopkins. the way the film switches from black and white to colour and back again is well done and the film has such stellar actors as Roger Livesy),-0.5
(,"Think 'Charmed' with testosterone instead of estrogen and you get the general idea for this picture. A very lame story with mediocre effects and an anti-climax ending to let the door open for a part 2. Let's hope someone has the sense to spend their money wiser. I'd suggest a 'Charmed - the movie' because compared to this 'Charmed' kicked ass and I only watched that show to please my girlfriend!!!! Wait and watch it on DVD on a rainy Sunday when you've got nothing better to do. Or better yet download it so you don't waste your money. The first 15 minutes were alright. But the funniest line from the movie and also the only highlight of this movie is when Reid says : ""Kiss my ass Harry Potter""),-0.3
(,"The Lone Ranger & Tonto set out to bring to justice a band of hooded raiders who have killed three Indians for what appears at first to be no apparent reason..that is until the Lone Ranger discovers from a conversation with the Indian Chief Tomache that each man possessed a medallion. The five medallions given by Tomache to his friends as gifts we later learn when combined will provide the mastermind behind the hooded raiders with a map to a legendary lost city of gold. Can the Lone Ranger protect the remaining two individuals in possession of the medallions before the hooded raiders get their hands on it? Is there really a lost city of gold somewhere upon native land? <br /><br />Watching this),-1.1666666666666667
(,"This was one film i wanted to watch always when it released The promos were eye catching and Govinda in a negative role was a surprise<br /><br />But the film isn't that good<br /><br />It has lot of flaws<br /><br />The start is good and till the murder everything goes well but the film falls flat when the romance track starts between Govinda and Karisma and the songs that follow<br /><br />Then the twist about Govinda and Tabu being in love leaves more doubts and flaws and then How come Govinda turns into a rich criminal from a poor villager?<br /><br />The last flashback too is prolonged and also the entire clash between Govinda-Karisma and Tabu<br /><br />N Chandra disappoints Music is okay),-0.36363636363636365
(,"A truly dreadful film. I did not know initially that this was a Kiwi effort - but very soon I started to realize that all the characters were speaking with hardly disguised kiwi accents under the fake American ones. Why did it need to be set n America anyway? - it could have been set in NZ and then the actors could have used their normal voices. Surely someone in the production team could hear the dreadful attempts at speaking with American accents? A bad bad film. I am surprised it has lasted this long - how did it make it out of the can? It just seemed like a very poor attempt at a Segal/Willis type action man flick.A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY! If there was any TAXPAYER money in this piece of trash),-2.0
(,"Fat Man And Little Boy were the code names of the two atomic bombs that were dropped in reverse order on Nagasaki and Hiroshina. How these came to be and came to be in American hands is the story of this film.<br /><br />The terms by the way are the code names of two bombs fueled with plutonium and uranium. Fat Man was the plutonium bomb and that one was dropped on Nagasaki and Little Boy was the one used on Hiroshima<br /><br />The film is primarily a conflict between General Leslie R. Groves of the United States Army and physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer who led the team of scientists who developed the bomb under Groves's direction. With two men from as widely divergent backgrounds as these were),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Watching Marlen Brando on screen is like watching a master carpenter chiseling intricate details into a piece of mahogany. Brando's acting is the ONLY thing that makes this movie watchable. The plot is inane and laughable (not comic). The other big name actors seem to be making desperate attempts to give the characters they portray some modicum of humanity... these characters have the humanity of wet cardboard. Everything about the technical side of this film is either mediocre or just plain awful. The director throws freeze-frame and slow-motion shots about with impunity. The incidental music is cartoonish and destroys any hint of dramatic effect. It's not something I really look for in a movie),-0.2
(,"The first time I watched Cold Case was after it had run for about a year on Danish television. At the time it came to the TV it nearly drowned in 4 or 5 other American crime shows aired roughly the same time.<br /><br />I saw it and I was bored to death. The substandard actors with the self righteous faces and morals were a pain in the behind. The entire premise that so much money was given a team of investigators to solve murders dating back 10-20-30 or even 60 years seems so unlikely.<br /><br />The time is also a factor as they only have 50-60 min to tell the story which means that they get a break through just in the nick of time to solve the case and bring justice to surviving family members),-0.5555555555555556
(,"he was my hero for all time until he went along with {if you can call it a movie} I went to the show to watch it and come out and not just asking for me money back but asked for double the money thats how bad my hero's acting and the hole thing was.............I can't believe that Steven Segal's career has hit so low that he has been reduced to making 4th rate films with 5th rate secondary actors. I watched this moving expecting to see him beet the crap out of some people the way he usually does. When he is reduced to using a single judo chop between the shoulder blades to take out an opponent and the guy falls like a ton of bricks something is wrong.<br /><br />The plot is unbelievable as a movie),-0.6
(,"Evil Breed is a very strange slasher flick that is unfortunately no good.The beginning of the film seems promising but overall it's a disaster.The dialogue is pretty bad but not near as bad as the acting.The acting is brutal and unbearable.Most of the characters deliver there lines horribly and even if that is on purpose the method doesn't work because the characters become annoying.Some of the kills are innovative but it took far too long to get to them.After about a half hour through the movie we get the first death (other than in the beginning)and then almost every other character is smoked within the next five minutes.The movie then turned into sort of a spoof with ridiculous looking characters),-1.4444444444444444
(,"Notice I have given this 1 star if the option been given I would have given this zero. As I put this DVD into my TV and sat down on my couch I was expecting some of the worst film making at its finest. I looked this movie up on IMDb and saw that it was the worst rated movie so I guess I came into it critical of every mistake. But it didn't prepare me for the crap that was about to spew from my television screen.<br /><br />The box makes this movie out to look well OK at best. DO NOT LET THAT FOOL YOU. This movie needs to be banned from all shelves around the world.<br /><br />The best way I can describe this movie is like porn but without any sex scenes in it. The acting (if you can call it that)),-1.0
(,"Born Again is a sub-standard episode from season one. It deals with the subject of reincarnation and just doesn't fly. I've never been big on reincarnation and that could be part of my apathy toward this episode. It does reference the Tooms case which is some nice continuation from the previous episode. But the positives end there. Which is unfortunate because that takes place at the beginning of the episode. I think it's ludicrous that a dead guy would chose to reincarnate in the body of a completely unrelated girl. And he waits until the girl turns eight to start exacting revenge. There's even a serious lack of witty Mulder & Scully dialogue to keep the episode afloat. If you're into reincarnation),-0.8
(,"I recently saw this at the 2009 Palm Springs International Film. This is the feature length directorial debut of veteran Dutch actress Monique van de Ven and based on my observation it should be her last. I hate movies that are so implausible that you are picking apart practically every scene. This film immediately leaves you scratching your head. as it begins a young photographer and his girlfriend who works for an international aid organization are having a leisurely drive through the Taliban-controlled mountains Afghanistan having a conversation about their love when a rocket stops a truck in front of them. They get out of their vehicle to watch as Talliban fighters equipped with rocket launchers),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Thank God that there are films out there that don't follow the same old Hollywood crap formula. I think the digital revolution and the DVD revolution is actually making it possible for more interesting work to get out there even if you have to dig harder to find it. I love it when a film takes its time to draw you in deeper and deeper into its inner emotional reaches. It really was like taking a trip through the soul of America and that soul is disturbed and confused. What really blew my mind was the way they used Martin Luther King's speeches about Vietnam and references to his assassination in a way that hit me hard. I found myself choked up every time i heard his voice. I've heard him speak before),-0.42857142857142855
(,"My wife and I watched this abortion from its beginning. I hated it immediately but my wife became hooked on it for a couple of years.For me it just got worse and worse and the characters were all without question dreary and depressing without any redeeming features. My wife then grew tired of it and we stopped watching altogether. Occasionally I catch a clip of it or pass through it when channel surfing.There is always someone yelling at someone else or doing something dreadful. There never seems to be any lighter moments or happiness of any kind. That was always my main gripe with it when we first watched it- no humour. The writers seem to have no idea about drama - they seem to think conflict IS drama),-1.5454545454545454
(,"This is another one of those fundamentalist Christian movies that hit you over the head with religion like a sledgehammer. You know you are in trouble when the setup of the story is completely ridiculous. Three men are flying to Mexico to deliver Bibles. This makes no sense since the church is Protestant and most Mexicans are Catholic. Protestant and Catholic bibles are not the same. The Catholic bible has books in it that are not in the Protestant bible. I also find it difficult to believe that churches in Mexico would not distribute bibles to them. I can understand if they were going to a place where Christianity is in the minority. But Mexico is far fetched. If you cannot believe the setup of a story),-0.5
(,"You have to acknowledge Cimino's contribution to cinema. He gave us both the most over-rated film in history (The Deer Hunter) and the worst film in history (Heaven's Gate). And before you start with the 'It's bad but not the worst ever' let me explain. <br /><br />For 20+ years I listened to the critics and avoided ""Heaven's Gate""-actually this was not hard because you are hardly bombarded with opportunities to view this film. Then a few days after seeing the 'Final Cut: The Making and Unmaking of Heaven's Gate' documentary I stumbled on a used $9.99 DVD of the long version. My advice after 229 minutes is to seek out the most negative review ever written about this film (you will find a wide selection)),-1.625
(,"A totally pathetic attempt at movie about sacrifices of Australian Soldiers during the New Guinea Campaign. Total waste of money even if you only see it on DVD. Thankfully the video store provided a free weekly hire with the DVD else it would have been a complete waste of money. Probably made by arty types and full of the symbolism that today's Chardonay socialists seem so into. Frankly this movie is an insult to the memory of the brave chaps that never came back. Somebody please provide the funding to make a decent movie at least the equal of Saving Private Ryan. Hopefully the RSL will put as much distance between itself and this movie as possible. The story needs to be told from all sides the Australians),-0.2857142857142857
(,"I sell the dead revolves around convicted grave robber Arthur Blake. Blake's friend and fellow grave robber Willie Grimes has just been executed and Blake is going to follow suit the next morning. While he sits in his cell awaiting his execution a priest named Father Duffy comes in and asks him if he will tell all he has seen as a grave robber. He then proceeds to give Father Duffy a quasi biography of his more interesting exploits.<br /><br />The plot pretty much consists of several incidents only tied together by chronology. This prevents the viewer from ever getting bored but it also makes the events less significant as you could easily add or remove a lot of scenes without noticing it much. Though flawed),-1.0909090909090908
(,"1st watched 5/27/2009 - 4 out of 10 (Dir - Harold Young): The 3rd Universal mummy movie is about the same as the first two as far as the final result from the viewer's perspective. The story is similar and the results are ho-hum. This time the story's location is the U.S. as the Egyptian priest's new follower sends a mummy to our country in hopes he can revive him to kill descendants of those who opened the original tomb. This time the mummy is played by Lon Chaney(which doesn't make much of a difference because he's really not asked to do much acting for this character). The new priest becomes a morgue-keeper in the town and sends the mummy out to do his dirty deeds after feeding him the tanna leaf juice. Again),-0.25
(,"A horror movie is being shot and things aren't going well. It's about a masked killer. The director tells off the killer in front of the cast and crew. He goes crazy and kills two people. He's killed himself and the film is never finished. Twelve years later a bunch of film students decide to try and finish it--but there's a curse. People who try and finish it are killed themselves. The students ignore that. Guess what happens next?<br /><br />The plot is old hat but this isn't bad...for what it is (a low budget slasher film). It's well-made with a young and fairly talented young cast. No one is great but no one is terrible either. It also avoids the obligatory (and needless) female nude scenes. It moves quickly),-1.5555555555555556
(,"Just because someone is under the age of 10 does not mean they are stupid. If your child likes this film you'd better have him/her tested. I am continually amazed at how so many people can be involved in something that turns out so bad. This ""film"" is a showcase for digital wizardry AND NOTHING ELSE. The writing is horrid. I can't remember when I've heard such bad dialogue. The songs are beyond wretched. The acting is sub-par but then the actors were not given much. Who decided to employ Joey Fatone? He cannot sing and he is ugly as sin.<br /><br />The worst thing is the obviousness of it all. It is as if the writers went out of their way to make it all as stupid as possible. Great children's movies are wicked),-0.875
(,"As with all environmentally aware films from the 1970s SOYLENT GREEN has a rather cheesy view of what ecological meltdown is . Overpopulation means there`s too many people to feed ? I was under the impression that famines were caused by either war or failed economic policies . Stalin`s policy in the Soviet Union in the 1930s left millions dead because of famine and to this day the greatest man made tragedy was Mao`s rural policy in China which led over 30 million starvation deaths in the 1950s . And let`s not forget the great famines in the horn of Africa in the 1980s and 90s which were to do with conflicts not overpopulation . You might like to also consider that two of the most heavily populated areas on Earth ),-0.4444444444444444
(,"Some guy named Karl Rhamarevich learns how to live on even after death through telekinesis. He's interred in a mausoleum. That same night Julie (Meg Tilly) has to spend the night there to get into a group called ""The Sisters"". And Karl's ""power"" is in full bloom.<br /><br />Silly movie. I saw it in a theatre when I was 21 and was generally bored. The PG rating should have tipped me off--this is a horror movie for kids. One REAL stupid scene at the end has a corpse breaking THROUGH concrete to hit a young guy! For starters corpses are put in HEAD first making it impossible for the corpse to use his arms and there's no way anybody is going to break through concrete. When you're noticing silly mistakes like that),-1.0
(,"I'll admit that this isn't a great film. It practically screams ""low-budget"" yet oddly I still found myself liking the film because although it lacked quality it abounded with energy. It was like the Little Engine That Could and a movie merged into one! <br /><br />The film takes place at a radio network and concerns some of their low-level employees--two page boys (one very pushy and brash and the other one a wuss) as well as a new receptionist. All three have visions of radio stardom but must for now content themselves with their lowly jobs.<br /><br />Into this story appears a murder that seems somewhat out of the blue. I didn't know that this was a murder mystery film and was taken a bit by surprise. However),-0.25
(,"This was without a doubt the worst thing I have ever spent money on. I feel dirty for admitting that I rented this 'movie' and actually paid money to see it. This does not even rate trash. No no. This is the juice that collects at the bottom of industrial dumpsters located in particularly foul neighborhoods after an extraordinarily humid summer. To call it trash would be to degrade trash everywhere. It was so bad I felt I had to register at IMDb and warn my fellow man. This luvahire character claims this movie is great. One has to question his grasp on reality. Let's take some of his comments and analyze them.<br /><br />""The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a VERY good job.""<br /><br />I see. Well),-1.4285714285714286
(,"What an incomprehensible mess of a movie. Something about a cop who extracts bullets from himself after he gets shot and keeps them in a glass jar in his bathroom (and from the size of the jar he's been shot about fifty times by now) and a top secret tank guarded by five or six incompetent soldiers who for some reason drive it into Mexico. Whether they were sent there intentionally or just got really really lost is never made clear. And you'll never hear another screenplay feature the word ""butthorn"" either. Gary Busey tries out the Mel Gibson role from ""Lethal Weapon"" and while Busey is a serviceable actor the screenplay damns the whole movie to mediocrity. William Smith does another turn as a Russian soldier),-1.25
(,"There is no doubt that the Kokoda Trail depicts a truly great event in Australian Military history the brave defence of Australia against the cruel barbaric Japanese Army.Howver this film fails to take into account the story of the ""Fuzzy Wuzzy's"" or the New Guinea natives that The Australians used to help them carry out there military operations. The film also fails to give a credible account of the Australian soldier and his behaviour in this event. It is more like an uninformed contemporary view of what is was like.<br /><br />Again the Australian film industry has failed to give this important chapter in Australia';s history the film it deserved. This is film making at its worst with arbitrary cinematography ),-0.25
(,"Savage Island (2003) is a lame movie. It's more like a home video shot with very minimal lighting and horrid acting. Not only that the storyline and script was wretched. I don't know why this movie was made. I have seen a lot of flicks in my time and the ones I really hate are movies that make me angry. This one made my blood boil. The situations were inane at best. If I made a movie like this it would have been a short. Really because those backwood ""idjits"" wouldn't have been in the picture.<br /><br />Don't be fooled by the cover on the D.V.D. I am an avid watcher of bad cinema. But this movie is virtually unwatchable. I don't mind movies being shot on D.V. but if you're going to do that make the movie enjoyable),-0.3333333333333333
(,"My children just happened to stop at this movie the other night and as things started to play out it really piqued my interest. I had to head out for bowling league so I had them record it for me on the dvr so I could watch the rest later. Well I just got done watching it and the front of my shirt must be soaked after crying buckets. It was an excellent movie even though I could almost feel the pain and anguish these girls were experiencing. And I never in a million years would have guessed the reason why Alissia had gone from this beautiful girl to an anti-social goth. This was probably WHY my shirt was soaked because I've experienced that same pain that Alissia was feeling. I too would not have sought out this movie),-0.75
(,"This is possibility the worst and most disappointing film I have ever seen. I've spent four years at two universities and know that there must be a good film to be made about the experience. This isn't it. The ""acting"" is god awful and the plot non-existent.<br /><br />Here are a few incidents from my one year in halls of residence.<br /><br />1) A posh lad that unknowingly got off with a transvestite. 2) The best friend pairing of two girls - one with huge breasts and the other with the nickname ""the brick"". 3) A couple that shag too loudly. 4) The lad who gets all the girls 5) The lad from Northern Ireland who is very difficult to understand. 6) McDonalds in bed 7) Curry every night for a week 8) Student bashing),-0.125
(,"I am very disappointed because I expected a real ride as promised in the many reviews. The script is very bad with lot of holes and the direction too. The director failed completely to develop each violent scene with thrills and suspense. It tries very hard to follow a wannabe thriller. Therefore I had to watch how every bullet was spent without giving any sense to me. I was always asking what kind of movie I am watching. Then I didn't like that she smoked aggressively one cigarette after the other but perhaps the film was supported partly by the tobacco industry. The end is also very disappointing. I cannot understand how Jodie Foster could have been nominated for the Golden Globe in this worst role of her life. Jodie),-0.7
(,"My girlfriend and I were stunned by how bad this film was. After 15 minutes we would have called it quits except we were too curious to see if the film could possibly redeem itself. It didn't.<br /><br />I can't understand the praise given to this film. The writing was downright awful and delivered by some of the worst acting I have seen in a very long time.<br /><br />One thing that especially annoyed me about this film was that often when people were talking to each other there was an unnatural pause between lines. I understand using a pause to create a feeling of awkwardness (like in Happiness). This was not that type of pause -- it was just simply bad directing. This film might actually be much better with subtitles),-0.6363636363636364
(,"I first saw this movie when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately I could not watch it to the end because it was aired late at night. Now I bought it on DVD because I can remember that I liked it.<br /><br />This is really not an ordinary horror movie. It has some horror elements but I rather categorize it as fantasy. I liked it but I hoped for a bit more horror and scary scenes. Especially the scene when Anna's dad comes into the paperhouse trying to kill her is a bit short.<br /><br />Now to the plot. This movie is about a young girl named Anna who gets ill. While she is ill and has to lie in her bed because of her high fewer she turns on to finishing her drawing about a house - the paperhouse. When she fells a sleep),-0.6
(,"I have to admit that I am disappointed after seeing this movie. I had expected so much more from the trailers. The movie was absolutely horrible. It lacked a real story line and the acting was not exactly the best. Don't waste your time. The movie is not what the trailers lead you to think it is. I would have to say that I don't usually write anything about movies on IMDb (in fact this is my first one) but this movie was such a disappointment that I registered just to let people know not to waste their time or money. The story line is that of a heist that is to happen and it looks like it had potential to be good but the things that happen in the movie are a little far fetched to be believable. Watch another movie instead),-0.2857142857142857
(,"""How many ppl know about this?""...""Lets keep it that way!"" I wonder at least some new dialogues can be made or not? The movie is a real poor copy of the original. Bruce Willis probably did this movie while he was half asleep. The way he looks at Richard Gere's face with his cold-blooded stare when they meet near the port...oh my god! scared the hell out of me. Why does he kill Major Koslova and her mates isn't still clear to me. Another thing that I could not understand was the poison solution that he put on the car (what in the world was it?).<br /><br />The movie plot is haywire and climax is dull. Another funny thing was how the Russian was killed in the club. I fell off my chair laughing when I saw that scene. Also),-0.9
(,"I have watched this movie twice in the past six months (what I go through so you don't have to).The first viewing left me half crazed and babbling.The second viewing at 5am on a rainy morn was a little better.I only screamed in agony once.<br /><br /> Seems Pocona (The Aztec Mummy)had the hots for a certain Aztec Princess who was""supposed to keep her maiden"".Obviously they gave each other the business and were put to death for it.(Now that is severe!).But before they are the film tries to put us to death with a screeching Aztec ceremony.The singing will make your ears bleed.<br /><br /> Anyhow there is the usual reincarnation nonsense. Not to mention a treasure map on a breastplate & bracelet guarded by that swathed slob),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Zu Warriors most definitely should've been an animated series because as a movie it's like watching an old anime on acid.The movie just starts out of nowhere and people just fly around fighting with metal wings and other stupid weapons until this princess sacrifices herself for her lover on a cloud or something.Whether this princess is a god or an angel is beyond me but soon enough this flying wind bad guy comes in and kills her while the guy with the razor wings fights some other mystical God /Demon/Wizard thing.The plot line is either not there or extremely hard to follow you need to be insanely intelligent to get this movie.The plot soon follows this Chinese mortal who is called upon by this god to fight the evil flying),-0.7
(,"Anthony Quinn was a legend of 20th century in cinema by his great roles obtained this movie about a policeman innovated a false guilt for Toni to rape his beauty wife (Lisi) but he failed in this trap because he faced the strength of Lisi but he succeeded in his trap which was prepared by him for Toni that he put his name in the list of Jewish people in Romania and he transported from country to another in east Europe.<br /><br />This movie was directed in 1967 at the time of Arab -Isreeli war in 1967 (Six days war) as an evidence of harmful works from Jewish people which were caused by Jewish people not only in Europe but also in the rest continents.<br /><br />Jewish people were a great cause of French revolution in 1789 ),-0.6666666666666666
(,"Ru Paul plays a secret agent called Starrbooty. She teams up with another drag queen agent to fight the evil Annaka Manners (Candis Cayne)and get her kidnapped niece back...or something like that. Seriously-- I had trouble concentrating on the plot! The movie is seemingly directed by somebody with severe ADD--quick camera cuts nonstop that make it impossible to focus on anything. The dialogue is incomprehensible at times and when you can hear it you wish it remained incomprehensible! The acting is actually pretty OK except for Ru Paul who overacts to an embarrassing degree. Also the film is full of disgusting bathroom humor that is just revolting and not even remotely funny. After 30 minutes I had to leave because I was bored),-0.8571428571428571
(,"This movie is one of the worst movie i have ever seen in my life! i waste my time on this. I watched this movie completely as i took it a punishment for me. I wonder how Suneel Darshan could make such a movie? it doesn't have any continutity. It feels he just shoot scenes and then joined them in some editing software!!! Music is of course good but the film doesn't need so many unwanted songs. Kangana Ranaut looks fake and I wonder what role does Celina Jaietly has in the movie? Bobby deol is good. at least he can act! Upen Patel needs to take some acting lessons rather than taking off his shirts in almost all the scenes! The end was the most pathetic!<br /><br />I watched Shakalaka Boom Boom after watching ""300"" (the movie)),-1.1666666666666667
(,"Three distinct and distant individuals' lives intersect with the brutal killing of one by another. The one-hour film only reveals the event that brings the three individuals together only after half the film is over. I have seen other segments of the ""Dekalog"" but this one struck me as the most sparse one in dialogue and yet most fascinating in structure.<br /><br />The film opens with a law student practicing a mock plea of defense for a man charged with murder. Obviously the same arguments must have been repeated by the man as a full-fledged lawyer but this is never shown on screen (at least in the short 1-hr version of Dekalog 5). We are made to imagine that this must have been the case. A cab driver who is a misanthrope),-1.2
(,"One of those movies where you take bets on who will die first and who will survive at the end. There was just something about the movie that made me zone out. I think because I keep looking back and thinking ""yep still in that tree...still looking at the water"". Poor character development. I felt nothing when they were in danger. I was voting for the croc. I found it hard to believe a croc would try to tip a boat in the first place and then when it jumps into the boat I find that really unlikely as well. The croc seems too supernatural at times ('all knowing all seeing'). Also when the croc attacks it's behavior seems very unrealistic. It's a killing machine and wouldn't be letting victims escape twice to three times in a row),-2.0
(,"Hail Bollywood and men Directors !<br /><br />Really this is the ultimate limit in utter sacrifice made by Indian Woman !!<br /><br />Viewing the current state of affairs in India where The wives are becoming more vicious day by day and are very possessive about their husbands - the Directors ..also can be called Uncle Scars (refer movie The Lion King) came up with a very new concept on how both the kept and the wife can live together happily ever after sharing everything between themselves ...including the spermikins !!<br /><br />Story line : Married couple - very happy - but accidentally a mishap happens and wife has a miscarriage - lost the foetus along with the capacity of ever becoming a mother !<br /><br />Now in in India),-1.2
(,"Before the Internet this movie could never have been made but the idea that the Web is full of evil is the idea behind it.Unfortunately thats all it was-the generally opinion that nowadays the Web in the wring hands can create as much chaos as anything in real life. Since the late 90s somebody found out that you could create a virus which would disable a computer.The point? Just to do something plain evil by remote control so its the cyber equivalent of robbery with violence.Which is basically what spam is without the violence-its conning you into parting with your money and has been going so long its a wonder anybody takes any notice of it nowadays so they get cleverer and use real names as doing something illegal isn't a priority),-2.6
(,"When I first watched this movie I thought it was a very strange movie. But I know that the director almost always has a purpose when he makes a movie. So I decided to watch it one more time. The second time I watched it I realised that Albert Puyn is a very talented and a very original film maker. In the beginning the viewer was told that the movie took place a decade after the fall of the communism in the eastern Europe. But they had clothes and cars with a design typical for the 1950's. They had plutonium which I think is a symbol for the futuristic trade. I think that it means that the movie's real time is not specified. The music in the movie is creating a long music video which tells some parts of the actual story in the lyrics),-1.0
(,"Canadians are too polite to boo but the audience at the Toronto Film Festival left the theater muttering that they would rate this film 0 or 1 on their voting sheets. The premise is that a modern filmmaker is interpreting a 17th century fable about the loves of shepherds and shepherdesses set in the distant past when Druids were the spiritual leaders. Working in three epochs presents many opportunities to introduce anachronisms including silly and impractical clothing and peculiar spiritual rites that involve really bad poetry. Lovers are divided by jealousy and their rigid adherence to idiotic codes of conduct from which cross-dressing and assorted farcical situations arise. The film could have been hilarious as a Monty Python piece),-0.6
(,"This movie was excellent. It details the struggle between a committed detective against the dedicated ignorance of the corrupted communist regime in Russia during the 80's. I give this movie high marks for it's no-holds-barred look into the birth and development of forensic investigation in a globally isolated (thanks to the ""Regime"") community. This is a graphic movie. It presents an unsensationalized picture of violence and it's tragic remains. Nothing is ""candy-coated"" with overdone blood or gore to separate us from the cruel reality on the screen. This movie is based on Russian serial killer Andrei Chikatilo. I'm familiar enough with the true story to have a very deep appreciation for how real they kept the film. It's not a comedy),-0.25
(,"If this movie had a point I never discovered it. A very depressing movie which supposedly is about the final evacuation of the residents living in a dam site area on the Northfork River in Montana. The problem is that there is no actual Northfork River in Montana. There are several north forks but they are branches of other rivers which divided into north and south forks.<br /><br />	The opening scene of the movie is a coffin bobbing to the surface of the lake but the scene is never tied into the story and the viewer is left to speculate as to its meaning. But much is left to the viewer's speculation in the movie. Another example is when a team of dam employees responsible for the evacuation of the residents arrives at the dam headquarters),-0.75
(,"Tears of Kali is an original yet flawed horror film that delves into the doings of a cult group in India comprised of German psychologists who have learned how to control their wills and their bodies to the point that they can cause others to be ""healed"" through radical techniques (that can trigger nightmarish hallucinations and physical pain and torture) to release the pent-up demons inside them.<br /><br />The film is shown as a series of vignettes about the Taylor-Eriksson group--the above-mentioned cult group. The first segment is somewhat slower than the rest but serves fine to set up the premise for the rest of the film. The rest of it plays out like a mindf@ck film with some of the key staples thrown in the mix (full-frontal nudity),-0.5
(,"I chose to see this movie because it got a good score here on IMDb. But a lot of people either have really poor taste or someone's been fixing the score.<br /><br />Either way it was a real disappointment. The movie is exactly as stupid and far fetched as the title would suggest. There really is no reason to give a summary of the plot - but here goes: it felt like someone had been thinking: ""Wouldn't it be cool to make a movie where there were snakes on a plane? And then the snakes for some reason would go crazy and start biting and stuff?!?"" And that's about it! The plot is thin and unoriginal. The snakes are bad CGI (but it makes sense to cut corners on a movie that no one in their right mind will recommend to anyone!). The acting is poor),-0.5
(,"Don't pick this one. ****Spoiler Alert***** The plot of this aggravatingly bad movie is four friends are talked into taking the shuttle from the airport by a very zealous driver. On the shuttle with them is a rather milquetoast looking business type. <br /><br />Shortly into their trip the driver of the shuttle takes an off-ramp and some lunatic driver tries to run them off the road. The end result is they get a flat tire. The driver gets one of the people on the shuttle to help change the tire and the jack slips and the guys fingers are crushed between the tire and the shuttle. It's at this point that the driver reveals himself to be a kidnapper and he has taken all the people hostage. <br /><br />Now the movie gets extremely slow and tedious),-0.8
(,"I picked up this movie with the intention of getting a bad zombie movie. But I had no Idea what I was getting myself into.<br /><br />I started the movie and soon I had been pulled into a world of pain and visual torture.<br /><br />I finally know what hell is like. It's this movie. For eternity. This movie has no value. It didn't even really have a plot. There was stuff going on in each scene but no overall explanation why anything happens.<br /><br />Instead of watching this movie I suggest that you line the nearest blender with oil and try and stuff as many bullets in it as you can. You will find that the outcome to be far more pleasant than this movie.<br /><br />Don't even watch it. Not even to see how bad it is. I beg you. If you watch it),-1.5
(,"Three horror stories based on members of a transgressive Hindu cult that return home but changed in some way. In the first story our former cult member is now in an insane asylum and is visited by a reported who wants to find out about what went on at the cult. Somewhat slow going as story is told in flashbacks while the two sit on chairs and face each other. Reporter is particularly interested in what lead to the death of the participants. What seemed rather boring suddenly turns very exciting with a surprising twist in the story. Things get quite bloody.<br /><br />Second story has a violent young criminal visiting a psychiatrist for mandatory therapy. The patient seems to have some type of agenda but the psychiatrist is up to the task. Again),-1.125
(,"Paul Verhoeven has one of the strangest oeuvres of any major director: he started off making art-house films in his native Netherlands before moving to Hollywood where he began making subversive genre pieces which are often seen as mere entertainments by the mainstream crowd. 1983's The Fourth Man was the last film he made before moving to the U.S. and it seems to have been a transitional film for him.<br /><br />From the beginning of The Fourth Man it's clear that the film will be seen from the perspective of the famous albeit impoverished author Gerard. In a seeming homage to Carol Reed's similarly titled 1949 film The Third Man the film begins with an author making a trip to speak to a crowd of literature enthusiasts. The similarities end there),-0.5
(,"Massacre is a film directed by Andrea Bianchi (Burial Ground) and produced by legendary Italian horror director Lucio Fulci. Now with this mix of great talent you would think this movie would have been a true gore fest. This could not be further from that. Massacre falls right on its face as being one of the most boring slasher films I have seen come out of Italian cinema. I was actually struggling to stay awake during the film and I have never had that problem with Italian horror films.<br /><br />Massacre starts out with a hooker being slaughtered on the side of the road with an ax. This scene was used in Fulci's Nightmare Concert. This isn't a bad scene and it raises your expectations of the movie as being an ax wielding slaughter. Unfortuanitly),-0.8333333333333334
(,"Why does C Thomas Howell do these movies? Cruise (Howell's one time co-star) does a huge blockbuster of WOTW and Howell follows with this lame effort.<br /><br />Where do I start here? Production Values - I'll start with the good stuff. The look and feel of some of the scenes in this movie are not too bad to be honest. The set-ups are okay in spots and the direction not too bad.<br /><br />Script - Terrible. A series of clunky scenes that could have been put in any order you like permeate throughout the movie. The amount of times the scene faded to black and reemerged a second later in the same room was uncountable. Very poor storyline (but so was the Cruise WOTW) takes some blame but an abysmal screenplay kills it off.<br /><br />Special FX - Okay),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Even 15 years after the end of the Vietnam war ""Jacknife"" came not too late or was even superfluous. It's one of the few that try to deal with the second sad side of the war: The time after. Different from movies like ""Taxi driver"" or ""Rambo"" which use to present their main characters as broken heroes in a bad after war environment this movie allows the audience to face a different view on the Vietnam vets. Their development is shown very precisely before and especially after the war. The problems are obvious but in all this tragic there is always the feeling of some hope on the basis of love and friendship. ""Jacknife"" might be the quietest Vietnam movie ever but after almost 15 years this is really plausible and therefor justified. Moreover),-0.3333333333333333
(,"(SPOILERS AHEAD) Russian fantasy ""actioner"" (and I use the term loosely) that I've been trying to watch for over a year. I've finally gotten to the end and now I wish I didn't put in the repeated effort.<br /><br />In an effort to save two hours of your life I'm going to tell you he plot- a guy who has the ability to project a long blade out of his arm returns home to see his mom. Things turn ugly after he is beaten up by the mafia boyfriend of an old girl friend. He takes revenge on the guy when he brings the girl home. The guys mafia mom sends her men out to get revenge while the cops begin looking for him as well.<br /><br />Very little is said. no explanation is really given for anything (like why they lock id girlfriend in an asylum) and the action),-0.3333333333333333
(,"I don't think the number of blunders militarily and strategically contained in this turkey can be beaten. Everything in this mess was done on the cheap and made soldiers look really stupid. Examples: at the start the 2-star General is given strategic advice by a Lieutenant and accepts it unquestionably. The map used by the Lt. shows enemy positions but they apparently have only a single narrow valley to use in advancing on the battalion (even though the map showed a dozen more). The rear guard takes up position from which they are clearly spotted by the enemy and exposed. They pound our heroes from high ground but this superior fire power makes little difference. An single enemy tank advances near the end (at the beginning referred to as armored division)),-0.4444444444444444
(,"No wonder most of the cast wished they never made this movie. It's just plain ridiculous and embarrassing to watch. Bad actors reading cheesy lines while shiny classic showroom cars continuously circle a diner that looks more like a Disneyland attraction. Students fist-fight with the deranged principal as he tries to stop them from setting fire to a bronze civil war statue. The Watts riots with a cast of...ugh...10?? Dermot Mulroney tries not to gag while he makes out with a Mary Hartman look-alike with the most annoying smile since 'Mr. Sardonicus'. Noah Wyle reads Bob Dylan lyrics to the wicked teacher with a swinging pointer and very bad face lift. Drunken virgin Rick Schroder sits in a kiddie rocket on his last night before entering the service. Silly),-1.4166666666666667
(,"I watched the first 10 minutes of this show I think I'm gonna barf now! One worst shows on TV. It's not even funny. It's so lame it's disgusting. I gave it a second and third change couldn't even make it through five minutes. Don't waste the time. This is one of the many shows that need to go bye bye. Speaking of regular night time shows that need to go. All the shows on CBS. All the Shows on ABC. All the Shows on FOX and Joe Buck. All the shows on the new CW network. All the shows on NBC.(Accept The Law and Order series). All the Morning and Afternoon talk shows. All the Court TV shows. And every reality show out there!! Every stupid game show. period the end! All the Home improvement shows! And all the Media News. all it is.Is a 24 hour loop of bad news. Yes),-1.5
(,"John Wayne is one of the few players in film history to have failed at his first big break and then succeed on the second time around. Of course everyone knows the second time was the classic Stagecoach with John Ford directing.<br /><br />But we're here to talk about The Big Trail. John Ford's fellow director Raoul Walsh spotted this tall kid on the set of one of Ford's films and thought he had potential. He wanted to make him the lead in a big budget western that Fox was planning to do. The film as planned would be an homage to the famous classic silent western The Covered Wagon.<br /><br />In watching The Big Trail I was struck by how similar Wayne's character of Breck Coleman here is to the Ringo Kid in Stagecoach. Both characters were likable young cowpokes),-0.25
(,"Lord have mercy! Why was this film made? Why did Seagal and rising star Max Ryan agree to be in it? The Foreigner is so excruciatingly bad in every conceivable way that it boggles the mind.<br /><br />The film has an ultra-cheap look to it. Like a budget of a couple of bucks was far out of their reach. What's worse is that the makers know this and try to make it look slick to compensate. The result is a film that just don't look right. The fight scenes are so dull and edited 'discretely' to hide the fact that Steven Seagal is not in good shape anymore. None of them are engaging or exciting. The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it. The Eastern-Europe locations (a sly move by the producers to keep the budget down),-0.5
(,"This movie was horrible. I swear they didn't even write a script they just kinda winged it through out the whole movie. Ice-T was annoying as hell. *SPOILERS Phht more like reasons not to watch it* They sit down and eat breakfast for 20 minutes. he coulda been long gone. The ground was hard it would of been close to impossible to to track him with out dogs. And when ICE-T is on that Hill and uses that Spaz-15 Assault SHOTGUN like its a sniper rifle (and then cuts down a tree with eight shells?? It would take 1000's of shells to cut down a tree that size.) Shotguns and hand guns are considered to be inaccurate at 100yards. And they even saw the reflection. What reflected the light?? I didn't see a scope on that thing. Also when he got shot in the gut and kept going),-0.42857142857142855
(,"I would list this film under the horror film genre.I did this because I am not aware of a genre called horrible. Since the genre horror comes the nearest to horrible I have decided to put it in this category. The acting was amateurish. You know who the villains would be at the first scene. The heroine is as ugly as the movie. Students of movie making should take this movie as an example for the lesson what not to do in a movie. It is that bad. Man the word bad is an understatement. The villains hijack an ocean liner and want 10 million dollars. They want the money to be delivered on an inhabited Rose Island in the middle of the pacific. They would be sitting ducks after they got the money. Is there no getaway plan. How dumb. The female Cruise Director is a former cop),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This is a little-seen anti-war film that has been ignored for too long. The time is Thanksgiving of 1972. The place is a typical suburban home somewhere in Texas. The oldest son has just comeback from Vietnam and he is having a hell of time readjusting to the life he had left behind. And the family does not know how to handle the problem. I honestly don't think I'm exaggerating when I say this is one the most heart-wrenching war films I've seen. The funny thing is that there are only a handful of combat sequences in the entire movie. Most of the story takes place inside a house over a period of a couple of days. But the kind of war that takes place in this home is as intense as any real battlefield action. The film does something that is difficult to accomplish; somehow),-0.7
(,"Dull haunted house thriller finds an American family moving into a 200 year old house in Japan where a violent murder suicide love triangle occurred. <br /><br />Novel setting is about the only element of interest in this very slow moving horror flick by the director of Motel Hell. The film generates zero suspense and is composed of somewhat choppy scenes that rarely seem to be leading anywhere overall. <br /><br />One obvious example is a fairly early scene where the male lead visits a temple after realizing that his house is haunted as the monk had earlier warned. The monk recounts the history of the house (which the viewer is already familiar with from the opening sequence) and then the film simply cuts away to something else. Earlier the monk had offered to help. Well),-1.0
(,"This is the most stupid movie ever made. The story is laughable. His wife and kid think he's insane. Then they don't. Then it turns out he is and I think they knew it all along. There is a dog named Ned that causes some problems and I think it's all his fault...so does Jim Carey. God only knows why Virginia Madsen took this role...this is a career sinker. I think the target audience for this is 11 and 12 year olds. And that adds up to 23. Or maybe it's for 8 and 10 years olds which also adds up to 23. Or maybe it's for really dumb 23 year olds. Or maybe really dumb 32 year olds because that's 23 in reverse. Or maybe 46 year olds would enjoy it because half of that is 23. I think looking up things on the internet about the number 23 would be more entertaining than this movie),-1.0
(,"This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen!!!! <br /><br />I can honestly say I have never seen a movie worse than this one!!!<br /><br />AND I MEAN NEVER!!!!<br /><br />I'm a BIG fan of ""B"" horror movies. As you may imagine.... I've been exposed to some of worst that the movie industry has to offer.<br /><br />I was lured to this movie by it's title. I mean c'mon... what true fan of horror wouldn't be intrigued by a title like ""Vampires vs. Zombies""??? Images of the ""undead"" battling each other to the ""undeath"" danced in my head. I thought to myself... ""this I've got to see""!!!!<br /><br />Well.... sorry to say.... ""this I wish I hadn't seen""!!!!!<br /><br />This movies title is very misleading to say the least. There was no vampires fighting zombies. In fact),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Another too bad the lowest they can go here is one. Otherwise this would get an easy zero. Truly one of the worst films I have ever seen. In fact were Peckenpah's name not on the thing I would never have guessed he did it. Actually one of the people in San Francisco I know was on the set a lot and from nearly sunup on he says that Sam was just plain snockered. It shows in spades. The laughing bit at the early part of the film is the ONLY thing in this entire mess worth a second look. Not even Gig Young is watchable. This is a true test of masochism. Had I been forced into the confines of a theatre to see it I would have jumped up screaming. And now I truly feel guilty having watched it all from the confines of a very comfortable couch that was just too nice to leave. What a mess),-0.3076923076923077
(,"Blank Check is a movie that I saw on TV one day and like most movies they air on TV Blank Check wasn't that good. First of all no one I have ever met has seen Blank Check and that includes people that grew up in the 90s. Also Blank Check won't be remembered in the 00s either simply due to the fact that it will be overshadowed by pixar's films. I wouldn't call Blank Check a bad film but its not really entertaining either. (Or at least it isn't to anyone over the age of 6) Blank Check isn't a entertaining film because nothing about it is original. Everything just makes you go ""what haven't I seen this before?"" Blank Check rips off and tries to cash in on everything from Richie Rich to Home Alone (Which strangely enough both have Macaulay Culkin in it) Blank Check isn't a bad movie),-0.2857142857142857
(,"One night I stumbled upon this on the satellite station Bravo.Initially out of curiosity i decided to watch it.To be perfectly honest i wasn't disappointed.The main character is beautiful and her body is shown off well.You would think her talents would be wasted as a executioner but apparently not after watching the whole film!My only real gripe is the acting of the supporting cast particularly the actor who plays Melnik.Christ its bad!The prison guard Hank is woeful too.All he ever does is get drunk and make ill attempted passes at his co-guard Wanda though fortunately for us the viewer and for Hank he gets down and dirty with Wanda near the end. The music used is pretty tense and creates the perfect atmosphere for the executions. This movie is well watching alone for the beautiful),-0.06666666666666667
(,"Thomas Archer (Ron Eldard) has his child killed and his wife viciously attacked in a home invasion. Dr. Heller (Christopher Plummer) tries to help him through the post traumatic stress. Then Archer finds himself confronted with a man (Til Schweiger) bound and gagged to a chair. He is told this is the man who killed his child and attacked his wife and he can do whatever he likes to him. And there's a large assortment of instruments there to help him...<br /><br />Film is interesting at first (and shows real restraint in terms of blood and gore) but gets stupider by the minute and has some highly unlikely plot twists and turns. It all ends in a final twist that was so old and stupid that I was shocked anyone would actually think of using it anymore. How such talented actors like Eldard),-0.5384615384615384
(,"This is by far probably the worst film Al Pacino could have starred in. The movie had no real plot. It kind of careens into 24 different directions. It seems that the target audience for this film are people from gambler's anonymous.Mat Mcconaughey's character is not believable enough to be Pacino's protégé'. So he won a few bets for some degenerate clients as a sideline to a shitty job recording on a 900 service. Does that automatically supposed to convince an audience of his skills? It was just plain stupid to think of. The trailer did promise to show us how he makes his sure-shot picks but after going through the whole film I have yet to see what skill if any he ever had. If you want skill try looking at Robert de Niro's character in Casino now that is showmanship. At some point in the film),-0.1111111111111111
(,"Monster is a mind numbingly awful movie about an evil American concrete factory (are there any else in Hollywood?) polluting the waters of the small Colombian town of Chimayo somehow creating a catfish-like beast with a predilection for lamb and loose women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis the man who is sent down to Chimayo by his foul-mouthed boss Barnes who himself can't keep his hands off of his secretary's rear to get to the bottom (pun intended) of the story. While in Chimayo Bill must contend with an annoying reporter who apparently broadcasts all of her stories in perfect English directly back to America. I guess in the seventies there was a market for news from small South American towns. There is also a radical named Sanchez that wishes to sabotage the factory for polluting the water which),-1.25
(,"This movie is nothing but a religious tract promoting classic Hinduism and New Age Occultism dressed up with Western images to be swallowed by those who are ignorant of foundational religious comparisons. Basic tenants of Hinduism contain elements of reincarnation. (Some of the characters appear both in the present time and also in the 1600's) obviously reincarnated. God is an impersonal force. Animal life and plant life are all the same. (This is Pantheism). Redfield has tried to mix Eastern Mysticism with Western Christianty. His attempt at syncretism may fool or confuse those who are not seekers of truth but this movie is a feeble excuse for any ultimate reality. As the ad in the old Berkeley Barb used to say for $10.00 will show you how to start your own religion. As one famous prophet has said),-1.3333333333333333
(,"COULD CONTAIN SPOILERS.....I'm surprised by the high rating of this film to be honest..really am. All I saw was a slow moving propaganda movie with nothing much to say. (Note to self must check the rating for Platoon on here)This movie was so black and white...Americans good...anyone else either evil or useless. I take it the British troops in it were meant to be SAS (one of the most elite units in the world most would agree with I'm pretty sure) they lost 3 men and the others ran away while the US troops who weren't even Elite soldiers in the fighting sense held the ground and opened up a can of whoop ass on them evil sneaky Iraqis. Aye dead-on strings to mind. The only good thing I have to say about this movie did come in this sense when the sniper took out the SAS man...muzzle flash from distance),-1.2222222222222223
(,"This made for TV film is about every cliché you can come up with for a disaster movie. The only problem is it isn't very well done.<br /><br />My brain is still insulted from the scenes in which Brian Dennehy is supposedly looking at a computer monitor looking for weather pattern data and showing on that monitor are stock footage scenes of weather turmoil ala The Weather Channels commercials. Why would watching local news footage of a washed out side-street give insight to global weather patterns? You got me.<br /><br />Also interspersed through out the first two hours are some of the worst CGI effects known to man. Watch for the semi truck and the airplane that look like they were rendered on a Commodore 64.<br /><br />All the foreshadowing in this ""movie"" is done with the subtlety of a sledgehammer),-1.4
(,"This movie is such a piece of unbelievable crap. First let me talk about the pros: Sandra Bullock in a black bathing suit.<br /><br />Now the rest of the story which is all pretty much bad. We have said computer programmer Angela Bennett (who's online profile is ANGEL - HOW WITTY!!! I bet the directors cheered over that one for an hour) who basically checks other Company's software for errors/glitches etc. So we start with her ordering pizza on the Internet and then putting on a fireplace on her monitor (EXTREME computer skills shown thus far). This is after she finds some virus on a macintosh program which crashes the whole system after hitting the escape key. This is apparently a HUGE problem yet the virus created to do such could be done in about 1 minute with a simple batch file.<br /><br />Any event),-0.2
(,"Bride of Chucky starts late one night as Officer Bob Bailey (Vince Corazza) sneaks into the evidence room at his police station & amongst all the horror film in joke props he steals the remains of the Chucky doll that serial killer Charles Lee Ray possessed way back in the original Child's Play (1988). He drives the remains to an isolated area where Ray's ex girlfriend Tiffany (Jennifer Tilly) slashes Bailey's throat & takes the remains back to her trailer. There Tiffany stitches & staples Chucky (voiced by Brad Dourif) back together again & using a 'voodoo for dummies' book brings him back to murderous life. Thing don't go as Tiffany had hoped & Chucky turns out not to be the man of her dreams after all so she locks him in a play pen at which Chucky is less than happy. While Tiffany takes a bath Chucky escapes),-0.8571428571428571
(,"I love old ""monster movies"" for the pure camp value. This one does not disappoint if you find that sort of thing amusing.<br /><br />The acting is pure 1950s stilted crap. You do get used to it when you've seen enough of these... the dialogue is very silly and ultimately forgettable. You're just there for the giant bird.<br /><br />The ""science"" in this movie is hilarious. A monstrous otherworldly avian that can manipulate anti-matter... intent on wreaking havoc and eating people... an alien who has come to Earth to nest. Some of the best scenes in the movie (that don't have the bird in them) include the ""scientists"" explaining what is going on.<br /><br />A lot has been said about the ridiculous bird marionette. It looks like a new baby bird... bald and ugly with ruffled feathers. It even caws like a hungry),-0.1111111111111111
(,"I don't know what has happened to director Abel Ferrara. Ever since the ""Body Snatchers"" remake he seems to have lost it. ""King of New York"" and ""The Bad Lieutenant"" remain two of the best films of the '90s: searing indictments of a decade gone wrong. With films like ""'R Xmas"" (whatever that means) and ""New Rose Hotel"" he seems determined to disgust and bore his former supporters. This film has NO LIFE in it. While he gets excellent performances out of his actors in all of his projects the result of this mishmash of ideas just doesn't jell. Whatever the point is -- that the new breed of drug dealer is more or less the same as any other upper middle class New Yawkuh -- gets lost in the mind numbing script and boring direction. <br /><br />I saw this opening night at the 4-Plex in downtown L.A. In the lobby),-0.6
(,"DRACULA 2000 is a horror film that was continually shown on Sky Movies in Britain and considering it seemed to be screened about three times a week for a whole year I have absolutely no idea how I managed to miss it until it`s first broadcast on network television tonight . Actually seeing as I`m not much of a fan of horror movies the reason was probably down to my theory that this was going to be tripe . My theory was proved right for the most part <br /><br />!!!!! MINOR SPOILERS !!!!!<br /><br />What makes DRACULA 2000 such a bad movie is the amount of dumb scripting involved . For example early in the film the bad guys are flying Dracula`s coffin from London to America ( In a twin engine turbo prop plane ! ) and one of the bad guys is left alone in the cargo hold where Dracula comes to life . A fight breaks out ),-1.6666666666666667
(,"I laughed my ass off for an hour. I had no idea who Dan Finneity was. Why haven't I heard of Dan Finnerty before? He's hysterical and so are his backup singers. They make all of these women songs that we would never wanna hear a new experience. They blow these songs away. This was on Bravo last night. Why isn't this Dan guy like ""ultra famous""? Great voice! Charisma to burn! He blew me away with this show! I just read on the internet that he was once a member of ""Stomp"" I guess there isn't anything he can't do. I saw ""Stomp"" at a UCLA theater years ago and those guys were amazing. This show last night was done by Dreamworks! Does that mean that Spielberg did this? Why don't they star this Dan Finnerty in a movie. There was a standing ovation at the end of this show and every time the camera's cut to the audience),-1.0
(,"Ingmar Bergman's meditation on war concerns a couple living an idyllic existence on a small island off the coast (of what country isn't specified). Raging off in the distance is a war they know only from news reports. As they go about their day the war comes to them and it soon becomes a struggle for survival as both sides seem not to care about them. Bleak look at the human cost of war and those not readily engaged in battle but caught in the cross fire none the less. Its a movie ahead of its time as some 40 years since it was made the notion of armies at war where most of the casualties are the civilians have come of age. This is a dark disturbing film that is told from the average person's point of view with the complete sense of hopeless and confusion best expressed in the thought that kept running through my head),-1.1666666666666667
(,"Erroll works for The Department of Public Safety and his job is to check up on sex offenders. Sometimes he pushes the line at his job and beats on the sex offenders. I don't blame him but his boss is ready for him to retire so along comes Allison. Erroll is now training her to do his job and it's like job shadowing. Allison is somewhat naive about the job in the beginning but she doesn't realize how much danger she really is and it's all Erroll's fault. He starts to go to far with his obsession of finding a missing girl when his job isn't to be a police officer.<br /><br />It's a fairly decent movie about a crazy guy who pushes the boundaries and works outside his ""scope of practice."" Erroll did do a good job but at the sake of the safety of Allison. It has some good mystery to it too and just when I had it figured out),-0.1111111111111111
(,"A real disappointment from the great visual master Ridley Scott. G.I. Jane tells the story of a first female ever to go through the hellish training at the Navy SEALs. The training is the most difficult and hard in existence as the instructor says in the film to the lead character O'Neil played by Demi Moore. There is no particular message or point in this film or then I couldn't reach it properly. It may be a some kind of a statement of female rights and abilities but it all sinks under the tired scenes and stupid gun fight at the end of the film.<br /><br />I really can't understand why Ridley uses so much zooms in that mentioned last gun battle at the desert?! It looks sooooo stupid and irritating and almost amateurish so I would really like to know what the director saw in that technique. When I look at his latest film),-0.47058823529411764
(,"The untold origin of the Lone Ranger. It shows who he was and how and why he became the Ranger.<br /><br />Legendary bomb. The idea was not a bad one--reinvent and introduce the Lone Ranger for 1980s audiences. Right off the bat though there were problems. The studio ordered Clayton Moore (the original Ranger) to stop appearing anywhere as the Lone Ranger. It led to a nasty little battle that made headlines. I know of people who refused to see the film because of how Moore was treated. Also they hired the awesomely untalented Klinton Spilsbury to play the Ranger. Spilsbury was very handsome and muscular but had absolutely no charisma and just couldn't act. In fact his whole vocal performance was redubbed by another actor! Also his off screen antics (public drunkenness and beating people up) didn't help matters. Acting aside),-1.25
(,"Many times the description ""full of sound and fury signifying nothing"" is used and is right on target. Unfortunately ""Code 46"" lacks both sound and fury. A bit of fury would have been greatly appreciated. Tim Robbins character (William) is so lacking in passion that the idea of his falling instantly in love with Maria (Samantha Morton) seems almost absurd. These folks are so passionless that one begins to wonder if perhaps the water supply of this future world has been dosed with thorazine. There is a ""Brave New World"" sort of atmosphere to the film that is helped along by every scene being shot about 2-3 stops overexposed. Unfortunately this technique gets tedious and rather hard on the eyes. The cutesy mishmash of languages also grows tedious when there seems to be no apparent reason for its existence. Many futuristic),-0.2
(,"Fado is a sad almost bluesy style of Portuguese Gypsy music that is heard repeatedly trough the movie. As explained by one of the main characters (Igor) it also means fate.<br /><br />Indeed it's fate that bring the two main characters Paco and Alex together and triggers the problems that ensue.<br /><br />On the whole I enjoyed it quite a bit. It starts out as an 'on the down and outs' drama/road movie an builds into a suspenseful thriller / road movie.<br /><br />There were two things that I found unrealistic that kept me from giving it a higher rating (I gave it an 8). The first is the major point of why did Alex give the stuff away. She was so desperate for cash that she sold her passport for a paltry sum and then she gives away things worth thousands to a stranger? Her explanation was unconvincing. Also how did they get through the gate),-1.25
(,"Better than average World War II-era ""who-dun-it"" featuring Warner Baxter as a former gangster who suffered amnesia and has been reborn as a psychiatrist now known as Robert Ordway who helps both the police and criminals who want to go straight. Crime Doctor's Courage is the fourth in the series of ten and also involves a victim who might have some mental problems. The link to ""courage"" is not particularly clear.<br /><br />This entry revolves around the death of fortune hunter Gordon Carson whose two previous wives have under mysterious circumstances and who in turn dies in a locked room under conditions that resemble suicide but Dr. Ordway labels murder. Hillary Brooke plays the part of widow Kathleen Carson who is involved with Anthony Caruso - a mysterious Spanish dancer whose act includes his sister that disappears on stage. As a mystery novelist),-0.75
(,"I had read the newspaper reviews of this film and I must say my expectations were very low before watching Ocean's 12. I really enjoyed the first movie but this successor is one of the worst movies ever. I would rate it top 5 of the worst movie I have ever seen. Why do I say that? First of all there is a story so thin that Britney Spears Crossroads looks like the perfect action thriller. The fragments that could be assigned the term ""story"" is loosely held together at times but most of the time the movie just moves along with no purpose or drive. The entire story seems forced and the script surrounding the story is even more forced that it become farce at times.<br /><br />The actors show up but doesn't do anything to deserve any credit or appraise. Most embarrassing are leading ladies (Roberts and Zeta-Jones) that either overplay or are extremely plain. Damon),-0.5
(,"(Mild Spoilers) Frankie Machine had been dealt a bad hand in life. A card dealer at an illegal gambling den in his Chicago neighborhood he was busted when the joint was raided by the cops and given six months in jail. <br /><br />While behind bars Frankie was treated for his heroin addiction at the prisons hospital and learned how to play the drums as part of his rehabilitation program. Now out of prison and back in his old neighborhood Frankie is trying to put his life back together by getting a union card in the Musicians Union and then a job as a drummer in a band and put his old life behind him but instead it catches up with Frankie in no time at all in ""The Man with the Golden Arm"". <br /><br />Otto Preminger's ground-breaking 1955 film about heroin addiction with Frank Sinatra giving the performance of his life as the drug addicted card sharp Frankie Machine),-2.25
(,"All things old are new again.Erika E. is on celebrity fitness (VH1);Florida State Rep. Mark Foley is the national buzz for allegedly sending sexually explicit Emails to a 16 yr. old male page.As I edit this Mr.Foley is resigning from his representative seat. Mr.Foley you see does his turn at acting as the father of the recovered girl seen during the opening sequence. My place in movie history will forever be solidified with my appearance in the graveyard scene.I should have looked at this as a omen.I hate to say it but be warned If you place this in your DVD be prepare to put your toe on the trigger of the shotgun you'll soon have between your teeth. Your level of depression has reached its zenith.I have seen better writing put to screen on an Etch a Sketch.Shot in 1999-00 under the working title ""The Librarians"" in and around Palm Beach Co.Why the Librarian's you ask),-0.3333333333333333
(,"Clark Gable plays a con man who busts into the life of hard-boiled dame Jean Harlow. He tries to sucker her while she brushes him off with her tough-gal attitude. Despite their cynicism and cons they fall in love. When Gable accidentally kills a man during a sting he runs out leaving loyal Harlow to women's prison where she discovers she's pregnant. Anita Loos' and Howard Emmett Rogers' writing is excellent throughout with many well-drawn and surprising characters (including a Jewish socialist woman inmate and a black woman inmate and her preacher father played with hardly a trace of stereotype). Gable and Harlow show their mettle as actors adding telling nuances and quirks to their characters that send them beyond the typical Gable and Harlow roles. And the direction is much better than you'd expect from Sam Wood. One beautiful shot has Harlow being inducted into the prison),-0.2
(,"I've been hearing a lot of this new bird flu that has killed dozens of people in South East Asia over the last three years . Apparently it's on the thresh hold of mutating into something very contagious and millions upon millions of people are going to be wiped out in a global pandemic . Just thought I'd mention this in case you haven't got round to writing your will yet .<br /><br />I'd also thought I'd mention it since I was watching something called CARRIERS tonight which wasn't about naval warfare but opens with a scene that's a cross between OUTBREAK and an episode of THE X FILES I saw many years ago . I thought I'd be watching something with added resonance after hearing the stories about the danger posed by bird flu but after the not unimpressive opening CARRIERS descends into a cheap and cheerful TVM and like every other TVM you'll see the lead characters are female ),-1.0
(,"If you`re not old enough to remember Yoram Globus and Menahem Golan here`s the rundown : They`re a couple of film producers and finaciers from Israel who set up the Cannon film company in the early 1980s . The only Israeli to get a worse press than these two was Menachim Begin . Begin probably deserved the bad press but Globus and Golan were a god send to film makers because no matter how bad your script was they`d happily fund your movie and would normally employ directors who couldn`t direct and actors who couldn`t act . In fact you often got the impression that people would just walk up to Yoram and Menahem ask them for some money and they`d oblige without seeing the film maker`s resume . If only producers nowadays were so trusting.<br /><br />THE YOUNG WARRIORS isn`t a Cannon film but Globus and Golan did finance it and it has their signature all over it . It`s badly directed ),-1.5714285714285714
(,"it's embarrassing I had like 3 minutes on my way to a job to stop at the video store and it was 2 for 1 night and I was really intrigued by the half nekkid pic of the 'star'. <br /><br />I guess this film shows what the new york film school and sir daddy's fortune - judging by the bio of this clown in the lead - can do for you and you and you cause that's about what we have here and in addition a photoshopped pic of the lead ""actor"" with someone else's body in a still image that doesn't happen anywhere in the movie. it's weird cause in so many ways it had money thrown at it obviously low budget money buckets but from the outset when all the extras are laughing in their scene of terror it doesn't bode well would have maybe had some charm if it had been done for 2 cents! in short order I skipped scenes and fast forwarded to see the image on the box that was all I really cared about. strange),-0.375
(,"A model named Laura is working in South America when she is kidnapped from her hotel room by a gang and taken into the jungle. They demand a huge ransom for her release. Peter is hired to get her home safe and there is a bonus in it for him if he can bring back the money as well as the girl. Peter is taken to the jungle by helicopter with friend Jack. They try to give the kidnappers fake money in return for Laura but the plan goes horribly wrong and they have to bail out in the helicopter. The helicopter is shot and they also have to bail from that (not going well so far). Also roaming the jungles is a devil of sorts. In reality its just a naked black guy with weirdly big eyes and a breathing problem. He starts to kill a few of the kidnappers and Laura escapes only to be captured by some primitives. The rest of the film is a bit of a blur really.<br /><br />Now I'm not a massive Jess Franco fan),-0.4444444444444444
(,"An especially delightful film to those of us who saw this when young because after all it was meant for the young to watch - when viewing it again as an adult it's better if rose-tinted spectacles can kick in. It was the first of the 16 Jungle Jim films and later TV series chunky Johnny Weismuller went on to do for Columbia (in the last 3 films he had to use his own name though as they'd lost the rights) after getting the sack from playing Tarzan for Sol Lesser. Johnny Sheffield also gave up playing Boy to become Bomba the Jungle Boy in a series of 12 films.<br /><br />Jim and party go on perilous safari to hunt down the hidden temple of Zimbalu manned by an obscure tribe of devil doctors who seem to have the secret of a poison that might also be a cure for polio. Edgar Rice Burroughs probably approved. After 16 years talking monosyllabically Weismuller seemed awkward stringing sentences together),-1.4
(,"The film is about a sabretooth on the lose at a amusement park where teens are on a scavenger hunt. Since there are no rules they break into a building and start getting killed off. The deaths are cheesy and are dumb. But at least it had better effects then sabretooth. I gave it a three because Stacy was in it and I loved the movie Sabretooth. I thought it was okay but some deaths were off-screen. There was a dumb scene where the two teens kiss and the sabretooth's head pops out and the boy leaves his girlfriend behind leaving her to have her totally fake looking red guts out. Then the sabretooth gets up in the vents and bites the kids head off. The end death with the owner was totally fake looking graphics. Even that death was stupid because the statues tooth went through his mouth and hangs there like that will support it and there is a scene when a goth girl loses her contacts doesn't find them),-0.35714285714285715
(,"From all the bad comments about this movie and add them up I feel the same way. It may look like the Australians are weaklings instead they were brave soldiers. In this film it was very terrible and too graphic. I didn't see enough heroism just more cowardice which is ashame because its nothing from what I read. We don't need the extremity of violence like that we can use our vivid imagination of what they went through. It's like saving private ryan where the nazi is pushing his knife slowly in the soldier. For example Mel Gibson is a over extreme director for his movies not because of the violence but for the level of historical inaccuracy. Letters of Iwo Jima was one of the war films that was close enough to history (although I could be wrong) except Flags of our Fathers and Bridge of the River Kwai. You're better off reading it its an insult to the victims and the fallen if you don't tell it right),-1.0
(,"Several story lines are interwoven here around different women characters. The shoes they wear serve as an indication of their troubled lives. All are transformed at the end of the movie. Adela (Antonia San Juan) leads a brothel; Her daughter Anita (Monica Cervera) is retarded and has a restricted life. Leire (Najwa Nimri) is a shoe designer with problems and loses her boyfriend; Maricarmen (Vicky Peña) has lost her husband and now raises the children from his deceased former wife. Isabel (Ángela Molina) is a bored rich lady.<br /><br />Other characters are used to connect the five main women characters. In storytelling not everything is given away in the beginning: Some connections are established surprisingly late in the movie and that adds to the experience. The shoe-theme is driven to extremes: For example when Leire as a shoe-designer and working in a shoe store where she steals her shoes faints),-1.625
(,"This film is a lyrical and romantic memoir told through the eyes an eleven year old boy living in a rural Cuban town the year of the Castro revolution. It is an obviously genuine worthy labor of love. <br /><br />The names CUBA LIBRE and CUBAN BLOOD are merely attempts to wrongly market this as an action film. DREAMING OF JULIA makes much more sense. It has more in common with European cinema than with RAMBO and the revolution is merely an inconvenience to people's daily lives and pursuits. That fact alone makes the film more honest than most works dealing with this time period in Cuban history.<br /><br />The excessive use of the voice-over narrator does undermine the story but the film makes up for it with unqualified clips from Hollywood films that say so much more visually than the narrator could.<br /><br />The comparisons to CINEMA PARADISO and are fair game as the film does wax melancholy about movies),-0.2857142857142857
(,"The film was written 10 years back and a different director was planning it with SRK and Aamir in lead roles<br /><br />The film finally was made now with Vipul Shah directing it And Ajay and Salman starring together after a decade HUM DIL DE CHUKE SANAM(1999)<br /><br />The movie however falls short due to it's 90's handling and worst it's loopholes<br /><br />The film tries to pack in too many commercial ingredients and we also hav the love triangle<br /><br />Everything is predictable and filmy and too clichéd<br /><br />There are loopholes like how Ajay runs away from London Airport and makes a place for himself with no one? even the way he starts his band is not convincing The second half gets better with the twist in the tale of Ajay destroying Salman but sadly the climax falls short and the film ends on a bad note<br /><br />Direction by Vipul Shah is ordinary to below average Music is the worst point),-0.8888888888888888
(,"A Mexican outlaw (Tomas Milian) steals gold from a stagecoach along with some other Mexicans and Americans. The Americans double-cross the Mexicans and leave them all for dead. The one outlaw survives and looks for revenge in this film that has jack-all to do with the original Django (the distributors only named it ""Django Kill..."" to squeeze a few more bucks out of more gullible people. What we have here is a slightly below standard western that's too surreal to be that enjoyable. and as such I can't really recommend it to all but the most hardcore Spahetti Western fan.<br /><br />My Grade: D+ <br /><br />Blue Underground DVD Extras: Part of BU's Spaghetti Western Collection. Uncut; ""Django Tell"" (20 minute documentary); Poster & Stills gallery; Talent Bios for Guilo Questi & Tomas Milian; Theatrical Trailer <br /><br />3 Easter Eggs: Highlight the hidden gun on the extras page for Trailers for ""Django""),-1.0
(,"A film with very little positive to say for it.<br /><br />Firstly it has zero pace and is positively lacking in any drama.<br /><br />Besides being remarkably slow The Empty Acre seems dedicated to using the same stock footage again and again. I lost count of how many times I had seen ""that"" field at night or that bit of cracked earth.<br /><br />It also has the fundamental flaw of thinking that if the audience don't know about things they will be gripped rather than just confused. So with no signs that there are any issues we suddenly find the marriage is not what it seems to be despite being given the impression that it's fine. We find Jacob is possibly the worst farmer in the universe as he seems to spend no time on the farm and also seems to have bought land with a wholly useless acre. Beth has a key to a warehouse of books? There are innumerable other questions some of which are resolved later in the movie),-0.2222222222222222
(,"ANDY HARDY MEETS DEBUTANTE (1940) is the ninth (9th) film of the series and it shows the direction it was inevitably headed into. Characters ANDY HARDY (Mickey Rooney) and JUDGE HARDY (Lewis Stone) were going to be front and center. The rest of the cast was going too just punch the clock and collect their checks. The series would rise to the occasion again and have its moments but a fatal decline had set in.<br /><br />Lewis Stone throughout the series would continue too portray the character of JUDGE HARDY in a sympathetic manner. The rest of the cast would be professional even though given less and less to do. Mickey Rooney on the other hand would continue his character as if there was no learning curve. ANDYs' reaction to any situation was in a naive and unbelievable way. Even after he returned as a veteran of World War II service in LOVE LAUGHS AT ANDY HARDY (1946) his reaction to any 'teapot tempest' was the same),-0.5
(,"Richard Donner shows off his liberal credentials with this ludicrously overcooked simplistic attack on the politics of South Africa.It's not as if America is the cradle of racial harmony and brotherly love - and further irony is added by the fact that the movie is set in the city that was the home of Rodney King and glorifies the Police Department that did so much towards community relations with their brutal racist behaviour. So Donner's salt and pepper pairing who clearly have a late = developing teenage crush on one another do their own thing with fine disregard for the rule of law or the rules of evidence and no one worries because the bad guys are white South Africans - surely a worrying example of police racism in itself? Inside Rudd's (Joss Ackland - eminently hissable) office the decor is designed and lit to resemble as far as possible the Fuhrerbunker and just in case some rather dumb moviegoers miss the point),-1.2142857142857142
(,"This is the first film of the Horrorfest I have watched and after Im almost thinking I don't need to see any of the others. I was told its a ""thinking mans horror movie"" and have to say that if this was supposed to make me think I shutter to think what the splatter/gore films in the collection will be like. Don't get me wrong not even the gore in this film is worth sitting through.<br /><br />The plot is very washed out with way too much art for arts sake. The camera effects and music are out of place most of the time and the characters are banal to say the least. Several characters and scenes seem worthless in the end when they start to reveal some of the hooks of ""The Hamiltons"". I figured out who Lenny was about half hour in when I figured out the movie. I was so visually under whelmed and confused by the Lenny reveal that I completely felt ripped off. I expected what I got but they could have gone so much further),-1.0
(,"This is hands down the worst movie I can ever remember watching. Everything was unbelievably cliché and retarded. The acting was horrible too. The camera work wasn't bad but that still couldn't redeem it. The writer/director of this film must suffer from down's syndrome if he believed this movie would help his career. I want the hour and a half of my life back that I wasted watching this crap. I would rather watch a video of the grass growing than this. I cant believe IMDb is making me write 10 lines in order to post this but I feel that this movie is so bad that I must continue to warn others about it. The reason I came about this movie is that my girlfriend requested it from the local library thinking that it was the Kris Kristoferson movie which ended up being entitled ""Disappearances"". I don't know whose fault it was for this garbage ending up in my DVD player but I feel that someone owes me at least $20 for my time),-1.1818181818181819
(,"It would be great if a discussion on this medium length film is initiated with a brief tale about hypocrisy of Hollywood people.It was in 1988 that Chuck Norris saw this film at Cannes International Film Festival.He made a silly remark by uttering that the senseless killing depicted in Dekalog 5 is far more effective than killings which have been filmed in his Hollywood films with him as a potent action star.He was speaking about an innocent taxi driver whose face is brutally disfigured in Kieslowski's film by a reckless psychopath who hits him cruelly with a big stone.There should be absolutely no justification for violence and its perpetrators in a dignified human society.This is the reason why Chuck Norris' statement appears as a cruel joke which defends violent means in a society which is increasing becoming restless.An honest reviewer would not be making a mistake if he/she states that Kieslowski's film ""Dekalog: Dekalog),-0.7142857142857143
(,"The most bizarre of the cinematic sub-genres is the so called ""The Great Ladies of the Grand Guignol"": camp horror films which combined over-the-top melodrama with gothic thrills and always starred by seasoned and almost forgotten actress from hollywood golden age in unflattering roles of either long suffering victims or screeching evil harpies. This genre provided them with an unusual acting showcase that allowed strut their stuff on the screen once again and win new generations of fans at expense of their glamorous images from yesterday.<br /><br />""What's the matter with Helen"" is the last drop of this sub-genre with stunning performances of both Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as the troubled mothers of two convicted criminals who run away from their past to the sunny California in the 1930s to open a talent school to milk out the eagerly mothers who want their daughters to be the next Shirley Temple. In California),-0.3076923076923077
(,"Abysmal Indonesian action film from legendary Arizal triumphantly sculpts a template for future Cinemax pap like 'China O'Brien' and 'Do or Die' with Erik Estrada while simultaneously burying poor rising action star Pat O'Brien with a hackneyed backyard script and three cans of hair-styling gel to perm his impressive 1984 mullet. This guy's physical prowess resembles a more femme Mark Gregory and his next credit would be second fiddle to Chris Mitchum as ""Tom Selick."" Powerful. At least the action is mindless and non-stop with some daring Asian stuntmen risking their lives for what is essentially a poorly constructed movie by teens and/or meth addicts with no concept of reality. One poor extra gets gorno-ly shredded by an electric hedge clipper and many more are killed by getting hit in the head by odd objects such as a motorcycle wheel or cardboard box. Classic rape scenes are tasteless and priceless and quotable dialog such as),-0.9
(,"Roommates Sugar and Bobby Lee are abducted by menacing dudes while out shopping one day and taken back to a secluded island that the girls reluctantly tell the thugs that they last visited when they were ten years of age and that a fortune is located on. All that just pretty much bookends a movie that is pretty much one long flashback about the girls first visit to the island and subsequent fight with a cannibalistic family.<br /><br />This one is extremely horribly acted by everyone involved to the point that I started feeling bad for poor Hank Worden who truly deserved much MUCH better. As much as I didn't like ""Barracuda"" (that's on the same DVD) I have to admit that this film makes that one look like Citizen Kane.<br /><br />Eye Candy: one pair of tits (they might belong to Kirsten Baker) <br /><br />My Grade: F <br /><br />Dark Sky DVD Extras: Vintage ads for various drive-in food; and Trailers for ""Bonnie's Kids"" (features nudity)),-0.36363636363636365
(,"I find it hard to believe this could happen at all. We do not know if Justin and Richard were troubled or had committed crimes in the past. The movie seems to imply that they were not in and out of trouble. So the first crime they commit is murder? Just to play and jostle with the cops? How do they pick up any girl and just say you are it? Also Richard seems to strangle the woman with little or no effort nor does the women seem to struggle. Hmmm. This whole concept is really hard to believe. That said let's move on. I found myself really hating these punks and would love to have been present with my shot gun with police tactical ammo and see what their plastic suits do then. As for Cassie who was a victim of Carl Hudson has a horrible time trying to survive. The memory of having been stabbed 17 times by Carl leaves her in an emotional mess. Sandra does a superb acting job. She sure made me believe she was one angry cop. As for solving the crime),-0.8823529411764706
(,"Alicianne (Laurel Barnett) becomes a live in babysitter for young Rosalie Nordon (Rosalione Cole) who has recently lost her mother. But Rosalie misses her dead mother a lot and continuously visits her grave (conveniently located in a cemetery right behind the house) late at night...where she also meets her ""friends""...<br /><br />This starts off good with a truly eerie sequence in the cemetery...then falls apart. The story is thin and there is TONS of padding to make the film 85 minutes long. The acting is terrible across the board (with Cole easily being the worst). Badly directed with some of the WORST editing I've ever seen in a motion picture. Scenes (and sound) are just cut off with no rhyme or reason. Also the film has terrible (and obvious) post-production sound.<br /><br />As for blood and violence--forget it! There's very little and what there is looks incredibly fake. I've NEVER seen such fake-looking blood--looks like ketchup! Boring),-1.4545454545454546
(,"The only other film besides Soylent Green that has such an air of hopelessness is On the Beach. Both films deal with the consequences for the species and the planet from man made cataclysms. On the Beach with nuclear war and Soylent Green with the environmental poisoning of the planet.<br /><br />Maybe there's cause for some optimism because as of 2007 we haven't reached either of the worlds described in those films and we were supposed to by now. New York City still has about 8 million people not the 22 million by the turn of the millenia as described in Soylent Green. Environmentalists always hail this film as showing the consequence of global warming. For myself it also shows the Right to Life ethic run amuck. Obviously there's no family planning in this world either.<br /><br />Charlton Heston is an NYPD detective who lives with room mate Edward G. Robinson who's old enough to remember the Earth before catastrophe struck. There's been a murder committed),-0.4444444444444444
(,"THE FBI STORY (1959) was Warner Bros. 149 minute epic tribute to the famous criminal investigation agency! From a book by Don Whitehead came a somewhat laborious screenplay by Richard L. Green and John Twist and was directed with only a modicum of flair by Mervyn LeRoy. However it did have splendid colour Cinematography by Joseph Biroc and a helpful score by the studio's musical magician Max Steiner!<br /><br />The movie charts the history of the Bureau from its lowly beginnings in the twenties to modern times and its all seen through the recollections of aging fastidious agent Chip Hardesty (James Stewart) as he relates his investigative experiences - in flashback - to a class of budding young agents. But it's all very long-winded and episodic! And as it progresses it begins to look like a TV mini series instead of a major movie production as the young Hardesty runs the American crime gamut from taking on such notorious criminal figures as ""Baby Face"" Nelson),-0.5714285714285714
(,"This movie was well done. It covers the difficulties a returning Vietnam veteran has in dealing with the horrors of war. Unfortunately the writers chose to focus on a Vet who had been involved in an act of atrocity. I was in Vietnam and only once heard of such an act by one who witnessed it. The offender was prosecuted and sentenced to many years in Leavenworth.<br /><br />The notion that only vets involved in atrocities had emotional problems is a disservice to all who served. All of the soldiers I knew personally or knew of by word of mouth were honorable soldiers who respected even the enemy and believed they were there to halt the spread of Communism. The biggest problem was coming home to learn that many Americans were opposed to the war. That is what caused many Veterans to feel they had taken part in something less than honorable. Not the manner in which they served.<br /><br />The ending depicted the father acting more as a belligerent bully than a loving),-1.1111111111111112
(,"I was really looking forward to this movie but sadly it didn't live up to expectation.<br /><br />A good movie has the audience identifying/empathising/sympathising with the main actor. Unfortunately this was very hard to do with Samantha Morton.<br /><br />The storyline seemed very disjointed and didn't flow as it should/could have done.<br /><br />Keifer Sutherland appeared to be little more than window dressing and made me wonder why he agreed to play what appeared to be a bit part. Beautiful scenery and the acting of Tem Morrison and Cliff Curtis was about the only plus.<br /><br />Maybe by being a kiwi I set the bar higher for locally made films. Maybe the change of director/ supposedly hard to work with main actor has biased my opinion.<br /><br />Maybe I'm just trying to make excuses for a movie which could have been great.<br /><br />A lot of maybes which still does not explain why this movie just lacked anything special.<br /><br />It could have been great),-0.125
(,"Really it's a dreadful cheat of a film. Its 70-minute running time is very well padded with stock footage. The rest are non descript exteriors and drab interiors scenes. The plot exposition is very poorly rendered. They are all just perfunctory scenes sort of strung together. There is no attempt at drama in scene selection but rather drama is communicated by the intensity of the actors. Please don't ask.<br /><br />The plot concerns a rocket radiating a million degree heat orbiting earth five miles up threatening to destroy the earth. It's a real time menace that must be diverted if a custom built H-bomb can be fashioned and placed in an experimental rocket within an hour. Nothing very much here to report except for a mad speech by a scientist against the project because there might be some sort of life aboard and think of the scientific possibilities but this speech made by the obligatory idiot liberal was pretty much passé by then.<br /><br />What saves this film),-1.8
(,"This Spaghetti Western uses three American lead actors which takes away a little of the typical spaghetti aura. The plot is about an amnesty that the governor of New Mexico gives to all willing criminals to provide them a chance to start a new life. Usually this kind of opportunity is limited to past events but in this film it seems more like a licence to kill because even new crimes (like e.g. threatening the governor) are forgiven. The story is an endless chain of killings where nearly every character has only the purpose to deliver more carcasses. Only the few leads have stamina. Clay McCord is haunted by nightmares related to a childhood event where unsurprisingly he killed a lot of people. In the middle of the everlasting mayhem this kind of reflections lack credibility. Compared with similar films like e.g. BANDIDOS none of the characters in this film was likable for me.<br /><br />Apart of the weak content which targets certain customers this film is well shot),-0.1875
(,"There is a serious scene in this movie. A scene that lets you know that his film won't be pulling many cheap punches. It takes place in a crowded train station and the protagonists are ambushed by assassins with automatic weapons. They make a break for it and just manage to get out in a hail of gunfire. The main hall of the train station is now filled with corpses of innocent people that were caught in the crossfire. Some would call that too sad and/or grim to put into what is supposed to be an enjoyable action flick. I call it honesty. Most action movies tend to lean toward the ""safe side"" of showing violence and plot elements. This mostly means that in spite massive shootouts innocent people tend not to die or at least we don't see them die. The violence is all purely the good guys versus the bad guys with mainly the bad guys dying. A bit of common sense clearly shows this to be absurd.<br /><br />Renny Harlin showed a hint of this in his first (and sadly only) hit),-1.0909090909090908
(,"I'm a fan of the 1950's original and about 20 minutes into this remake I started to think this was going to be as good as the original but it wasn't. The motive for the murders was incredibly stupid. Two of the lovers in the movie turn out to be brother and sister-excuse me while I barf. The main character stops in the middle of the movie to have sex which doesn't make sense considering the situation he's in. If the film makers wanted a sex scene they should have put it earlier in the movie before the main character (Dexter played by Dennis Quaid found he's about to die and that he's accused of a crime. There is a reason for where the sex scene is at. Early in the movie Dexter isn't living life to the fullest so he's not interested in sleeping with Meg Ryan. I still feel it would make more sense for the sex scene to have either been cut or earlier in the film and the two siblings not to have been lovers.<br /><br />One of the dumbest parts of the movie involves a gun fight),-0.3
(,"Okay so i found out about this movie and I watched the preview read almost all the reviews and was having a hard time debating whether I should watch it or not. Before i even watched the movie i was emotionally weird on it. i was so unsure if i was going to watch this and be disturbed for like a long time. So i choose to risk it and watched it and heres what i thought: The beginning started off fine for me. It seemed to be heading in a decent direction. Got past the rape scene and i couldn't figure why people were so disturbed or bored by the movie. Don't get me wrong the rape scene was just as sad and scary but it didn't really bother me to a dramatic point. Then as the middle came in i understood the boring stuff that was going on. There was like 5 minutes shots of nothing but people walking around saying or showing nothing! its one thing to have a shot where a person is showing some kind of emotion but this movie didn't have that. It had about 3 of these pointless scenes),-1.2777777777777777
(,"The ""House of Dracula"" really has nothing new to offer in the way of chills or thrills or new twists on an already tired storyline. This film was made as a hasty sequel to the fairly better made ""House of Frankenstein"" from a year earlier. In ""House of Dracula"" you can see the factory like production values of 1945 taking their toll on an otherwise potentially scary movie. Stock footage from previous films in the series and then the ending from ""Ghost of Frankenstein"" used as the ending here just makes for an ""el cheepo"" flick. Therein lies the shame of the studio and the producer considering that they had top notch talent and merely wasted everybody's time and effort on a quick money return scheme. But that seems to have been the trend all throughout Hollywood at the end of WWII. This is what brought on some of those mindless SciFi pics of the 1950's with all their closeups of harmless lizards in order to make them appear as dinosaurs. The days of James Whale and Val Lewton),-0.5
(,"Poor Robert Englund makes another flop and to the expense of Tobe Hooper who usually makes pretty good horror movies but he failed pretty bad at this one. Englund plays the well known Marque De Sade who in the 17th century was enprisoned for his obsession of pain and the pleasure of bringing pain upon himself as well as watching others also be in pain. The story is so confusing with the flip flop from one century to another and I became confused as to what was going on and what was the purpose of this movie. All I saw was a young lady that became entrapped by a strange lesbian who desides to keep her to herself and the young lady became fascinated by this Arabian with alot of money and finds out that he's out to have her killed and then Englund steps in from one century to another claiming to be a descendent of the de Sade and tries to kill her because she reminded him of the Madam Momoselle(spelled that wrong) or whoever it was in the picture above De Sades wall. The movie was terrible),-1.0
(,"Ms Patty Duke's story about her life and struggles with manic depression were just like my life struggles. I saw myself acting out just like her. I was so amazed at the similarities of our lives to include the sexual abuse that we both endured as children.<br /><br />I saw the movie when it first premiered in 1990 and I have loved this movie so much. Anyone who has struggled with manic depression could get so much from this movie. Never mind about if it showed her awards or what they were for. That is not the issue here. The issue is how Ms Duke had an illness and fought to survive it and overcame. Ms. Duke has much to be proud of in her accomplishments with her struggles for survival of a disease that often leaves many victims without hope.<br /><br />Unless a person has struggled with this illness personally they don't know the hell they have to live with. The movie to me was a success because it showed the real issues and how a person who is depressed and manic acts. It was so real...so),-0.47058823529411764
(,"This is one of the few episodes (if not the only one) with an indisputable error in its storytelling. While handling the Ralphie situation Christopher states that he has heard about Pie-O-My's death in the fire accident. This is an important detail because in this context it is quite obvious that Christopher knows from the beginning that Tony is the one who must have killed Ralphie. There is however no way Chris could have heard about the accident. Who should have told him and when? By the time he is torn out of his delirium by Tony's call nobody else was informed. Tony knows that - which makes it even worse! Hearing Christopher talk about Pie- O-My's death could therefore only lead Tony to the conclusion that Chris himself has set the fire. Given the impressively elaborate writing process as told by the writers themselves on the DVD I really wonder none of them realized the problem there. The story just doesn't work that way. Unnecessary to add that I'm a huge fan of the Sopranos. Otherwise),-0.9090909090909091
(,"Assault on Precinct 13: 3/10: Let us forget for a moment that Assault on Precinct 13 is a remake of a classic action movie. Taken completely on its own merits Assault is a debacle. <br /><br />Lets start with the Rio Bravo style scenario. About a dozen people are trapped in a decaying police station in Detroit (If the Detroit location is giving you Robocop warm and fuzzies stop right now. It could have easily said Topeka in the opening credits and nothing would have changed. In fact the last bit in the forest would have made more sense.) Surrounding them are our bad guys; corrupt cops.<br /><br />Now I know what your thinking. Corrupt cops? Were the Nazis and drug cartels busy that weekend? Of course these are no ordinary cops. These guys are right of the cover of the latest Tom Clancy video game. Yup we have body armor; helicopters; laser sights; night vision goggles the works. So we have thirty S.W.A.T. members/Special Forces armed to the teeth verses 4 cops (drunk mind you it's new years eve)),-1.0
(,"this is without a doubt the worst most idiotic horrible piece o' crap i have ever watched.<br /><br />this movies plot is that some guy goes crazy and dresses up as santa claus and kills people BECAUSE he saw his mother give his father oral sex while he was dressed as santa clause. THAT IS WHY HE WENT INSANE? is it just me or is that the worst damn reason for someone to go insane like EVER? and that's not the only thing. i'm being serious when I say NOTHING HAPPENS IN THIS DAMN MOVIE. nothing until like 1 hour and 15 minutes of it have gone by.<br /><br />there's an entire friggin scene where he glues a friggin santa beard on to him. IT'S A FRIGGIN MINUTE LONG. WHO THE HELL WANTS TO SEE THAT? however i must say the ending of this movie made me crap myself laughing at it. so if you see this movie on TV or something come back in like 1 hour and 20 minutes just to watch without a doubt the worst ending in all of cinematic history. and i'm serious about that.<br /><br />it's not even so good its bad),-1.4210526315789473
(,"Based on Neil Simons play of the same The Odd Couple tells the story of best friends Felix Unger(Jack Lemmon)and Oscar Madison(Walter Matthau)who end up sharing Oscars massive bachelor pad after Felix tries to kill himself.<br /><br />He had a big row with his wife over his obsessive compulsive cleaning sprees and weird phobias and sends her a suicide telegram.She calls Oscar and lets him know what happened.Felix turns up at Oscar's during his weekly poker game with their friends Vinnie(John Fielder)Murray the policeman(Herbert Edelman)Roy(David Sheiner)and Speed(Larry Haines).After some side splitting hysterics it's agreed Felix will stay with Oscar.<br /><br />The rest of the film centres on how these two are such completely different characters.As well as looking at if Oscar can stand Felix's truly weird and unique habits and cleanliness and if Felix can stand Oscar being such a slob and his laid back attitude to everything. Really a film about two complete opposites living together and the joys),-0.875
(,"I just watched this movie with a few friends they said I had to see it but from the beginning i knew it was going to go from bad to worse. So I can only give this movie a 1 because the effects that were used were so poorly used and thought out that anyone can see that there were no ""real"" ghosts. I feel the worst part was this so called ""old haunted house"" contained a whole bunch of new items and a few ""convieniently placed items"" I could have thought up effects that would have looked much better than a chair being flipped over by an unseen ghost (or should i say wire). Then later when they review the tape of the chair flipping it flips in a different way. Uh Oh thats a big continuity error. If this was a truly good movie then they would have caught that and all of the other ""old house"" items. This movie is like a rip off of house on haunted hill and the Blair witch project all rolled into one poorly thought out and assembled movie. I would be ashamed to put out something with that bad of acting),-0.75
(,"I watched this hoping to find out something I didn`t know about modern history`s most infamous man and couldn`t help thinking that history has been rewritten in HITLER:THE RISE OF EVIL . Hitler was so obsessed with his niece that he threatened to have one of her admirer`s shot . Hitler turned up with a gun in his hand to arrest Ernst Rohm . Forgive me for asking but haven`t the writers confused Adolph Hitler with Tony Montana from SCARFACE ? That`s bad enough but what really offended me was that there`s entire chunks of historical context missing in this mini series . Germany lost the first world war and the allied powers made Germany pay a heavy price for doing so. It was this economic environment that led the German people to have someone - anyone - to restore their pride and that`s why they turned to Nazism . The German humiliation of the 1920s caused by the allied powers seems to be entirely missing therefore there is no way that HITLER:THE RISE OF EVIL can be taken seriously as a historical document),-1.1176470588235294
(,""" Domino "" has been widely condemned on this site for its frenetic editing style and "" sickening "" photography. It's detractors cite its superficiality and criticize its deployment of "" style over substance"" I couldn't disagree more. I believe that "" Domino "" represents the absolute height of Tony Scott's film-making career. <br /><br />After having created the dominant Hollywood action movie style throughout the late eighties and early nineties Tony Scott has moved progressively closer to a more subjective style of cinema. As early as ""Crimson Tide"" Scott used his stylistic talent to portray the inner worlds of his characters- the claustrophobia and drama inherent in the conflict on board a nuclear submarine was embodied in the excellent use of long lenses combined with dutched-angle framing. This was then carried through to "" Enemy Of The State"" and ""Spy Game"" which visually represented the worlds of surveillance and espionage respectively. <br /><br />"" Man On Fire"" was an extreme departure ),-0.75
(,"Dark Harvest 3: Scarecrow: 1 out of 10: In Einstein's theory of relativity time is of the perspective of the one that views time. (Or so I've heard) In other words this movie feels a lot longer that an hour and change. Even on fast-forward (And you will be reaching for that fast forward button) it clocks in somewhere around eternity.<br /><br />If you are familiar with Lionsgate's own version of Project Greenlight (This is where they buy a home movie but a fancy cover on it and sneak it into the horror section of your local Wal-Mart) you will not be surprised by the complete and utter lack of entertainment value contained within.<br /><br />The line reading (I refuse to call it acting) is uniformly awful. This is a collection of deadbeat dads and strippers pretending to be in a movie between cans of Schlitz. The camera work is drunken father shooting vacation film quality and while the special effects are okay the scariest effect is the breast augmentation scars in the nude scene.<br /><br />The story is awful),-1.4
(,"I swore I would never allow myself to devolve into to the bogus authority figures of the sixties who told me things were better in the ""good old days""  the current Australian Prime Minister is a sordid example of just such a mind set.<br /><br />But I switched over to ""A Decade Under the Influence"" because I found watching the much-heralded ""Sneakers"" documentary on the other channel such a dispiriting experience. I found the values expressed by the ""Sneakers"" interviewees too ugly to accept as reasonable. So materialistic! So devoid of any sense of outrage at a society that can countenance killing someone to steal his very ugly shoes! So lacking in any worthwhile purpose that they can report without distaste the exploitation an audience by haranguing them to hold those shoes above their heads to lock in a sponsorship deal for themselves with a company of cobblers was just too much to continue watching.<br /><br />""A Decade Under the Influence"" depicted a completely different response to the fruit of stupidity),-0.6
(,"**Spoilers contained**<br /><br />I'd heard from various sources that this film was controversial and that the ending in particular was horrific. What I didn't expect was the complete change in tack with about twenty minutes to go. What starts off as a typical cowboy/indian western suddenly descends into a very dull romantic 'comedy' about Honus (Soldier Blue of the title played by Peter Strauss) and Cresta (Candice Bergen) who escape an onslaught of the cavalry by the Cheyenne. The majority of the film then focuses on these two mismatched people hence the romantic comedy bit. Donald Pleasance then turns up and abducts them both for no real apparent reason. They then escape and both turn up (separately) at the cavalry base on the eve of an attack on the Cheyenne base. As Cresta used to be married to one of the Cheyenne chiefs she escapes the cavalry base and joins up with them. So far so ordinary. Then comes the ending. After enduring well over an hour of poor acting involving a cliched will they/won't they get together storyline),-1.1111111111111112
(,"Salvage: 4 out of 10. Groundhog Day meets a Christian Coalition horror film. Okay maybe it's not that bad. But it is close.<br /><br />Claire (played by Alicia Silverstonesque Lauren Currie Lewis) is stalked and possibly killed by a serial killer (Chris Ferry who is quite menacing and brutal). I say possibly because she wakes up and it was all a dream.. Or was it? (Cue music)<br /><br />The basic problem with the film is that these fifteen minutes of plot (Done quite well the first time) is repeated over and over again. And since Claire wakes up every time and every scene is clearly a dream or alternate reality I just stopped caring what happened to Claire and started wondering what lame twist at the end was going to pull this together.<br /><br />I was rooting for a séance (which honestly would have made more sense) but instead got one of those too obvious by half surprise endings (Think the Village or Below) Yup the film collapses faster than Donnie Darko's directors cut. All the great twist endings in horror movies The Sixth Sense),-0.625
(,"Please make me forget. Please. Please. This is the worst film I have ever had the misfortune to watch. I consider the film an insult to my brain as well as my backside who both have suffered from me sitting and watching this film. I have yet to see what damage it has caused my sight and my ability to complete sentences. What a load of garbage!! And don't get me started about the acting... Someone please help me forget!! ""Weird Science"" -- come back!! Everything is forgiven...<br /><br />I am ""proud"" to give this film the first 1 here at IMDb... And I've voted for hundreds of films... Many of them c**p but this is so bad I can't even believe it. Someone actually came up with the idea and thought it was worthy of becoming a film? Someone actually read the script and decided to produce the film? Someone read the script and auditioned for it? Someone saw the film and decided *not* to put it on a shelf to collect dust for eternity? *These* are the questions I want answers to. Not the philosophical question about that tree in the woods and well),-0.1
(,"First off... I never considered myself an Uwe Boll Hater since I think I never even saw one of his movies but after seeing this cheap excuse for a movie named ""Seed"" (which is the name of the serial killer this movie is about) I am close to joining the hate club. This movie makes absolutely no sense at all... the plot is a joke and although Boll clearly tries to get attention by shocking people 90% of this movie is just plain boredom. You can sum up this movie like this: <br /><br />1. Hooded killer watches clips of animals getting tortured on TV. This is real life footage from pelt farms and the movie opens with the ridiculous reason of ""making a statement about humanity"" and giving a Peta address. Since this movie has no message at all and is the worst piece of torture porn-exploitation you already have a reason to hate the movie from the beginning onward.<br /><br />2. Death by electrocution with a pretext that gives away what happens later in this movie printed on screen so every retard gets it.<br /><br />3. Cops watch videos of animals),-1.5714285714285714
(,"I loved the blood and gore. The kind of violence is what Alien and Predator movies are about which is no one is spared. This truly answers the question of how it would be like if aliens were on Earth. The answer to that is simple. We are screwed. The effects were beautiful. How ever there are some real problems with it.<br /><br />1) The acting was horrible on the part of the Human characters side witch almost put me to sleep because of how dry and boring it was which really interrupted the flow of the movie and was very annoying. The writers could have done SOOOOOOO much better. The good part was the Alien and Predator acting which I thought was done very well for the most part.<br /><br />2) The size of the Predator ship was much smaller then how it was in the first AvP movie. This I scratched my head on <br /><br />3) Predators having their mask on while still in the ship. This upset people and I cant understand why. Its not a plot hole like most people make it to be. So I say to you people calm the hell down. Its no big deal. If it will make you feel better),-0.23529411764705882
(,"...Ever. This is the bottom. I am not joking. The theater should've had a warning of some kind. 'Abandon all hope ye who enter here' would've been fitting.<br /><br />I don't have the words to describe accurately the hell that this movie is. Its debilitating stupidity even fails to amuse. This movie is definitely aimed at some of the slower turtles in the sandbox. The story was blatantly stolen from a 10 minute Bugs Bunny cartoon and then stretched like Mr. Fantastic to 90 excruciatingly painful minutes.<br /><br />I remember when the Wayans's were funny. I guess the pressures of Hollywood for them to produce produce produce are to blame for the poop that churns out at a consistent rate. I'm sad and offended that they think we are stupid enough to enjoy 90 minutes of kick-in-the-balls jokes with a thin plot based on a cartoon.<br /><br />I disliked nearly everything about this movie. I won't spoil anything but the baby is actually a midget with Marlon Wayans's face poorly superimposed over the midget's body. What I DID like was the ending. Not the movie's resolution),-0.6923076923076923
(,"The first half of this movie was quite good. It was interesting and suspenseful. The second half was pretty bad. The comic book revenge story came full circle and we see lots of comic Nazi characters and some badly acted ""good guys"" blowing them away. There's a lot of violence in this movie. I'm not squeamish about violence but I think it should at least have some purpose in a movie. There was little purpose to the violence here except to create a genre film where we see lots of people getting mowed down with rifles. We're somehow supposed to be amused by this.<br /><br />I watched Reservoir Dogs recently. There was a movie where violence was employed effectively. It was realistic within the world the movie created. There were never any over-the-top sound effect. It was a crime movie which played it straight. Inglorious Basterds should have played it straight but didn't. I was rolling my eyes at how the violence was exaggerated with sound effects and extra bullets to the head and face.<br /><br />None of the back-story of any of the Basterds is really explained either),-1.0714285714285714
(,"Chupacabra Terror: 2/10: It was the Navy Seal team that tipped the balance from bad cheesy movie to just bad. Up till then there was a lot of bad movie baggage but the Seals They are wearing bicycle helmets painted black. You know the ones with air holes that make every adult who wears them look like a complete tool. Of course the bass fishing boat they took to greet the cruise ship might have been another clue (it wouldn't make it across Tampa Bay let alone an ocean) and their tactics wouldn't pass muster on an 3rd rate XBOX game.<br /><br />Does director John Shepphird have photos of John Rhys-Davies in a compromising position with a Hobbit? Because I can't think of any other reason he would be in this movie. The other actors have a great excuse. They are talentless unattractive hacks that couldn't get hired for an infomercial. The plot is that two men try to smuggle the mythical Chupacabra (Love saying that name) aboard a cruise ship and it gets loose.<br /><br />The sets consist of horrible cruise ship fakery (complete with airshafts the size of a small apartment)),-0.5
(,"In the opening scene of ""Malta Story"" Mr A.Guinness bore such a startling resemblance to Noel Coward that I fully expected his first words to be ""Certain women need striking regularly - like gongs"" or some such world - weary bon mot.Unfortunately his dialogue is hardly deathless prose and even the Master would have had trouble bringing it to life.Indeed Mr Guinness wanders through the picture as if looking for a focal point and failing to find one.And therein lies the fatal weakness of the whole movie.Mr J.Hawkins likewise gives up early on and ends up giving a ""Jack Hawkins"" performance without an ounce of individuality.It could have been spliced from any of a dozen British war movies.Many of the early fifties usual suspects turn up and do their schtick to very little purpose. The Luftwaffe failed to bomb Malta into submission in much the same way as it failed to bring London to its knees.The courage of the Maltese people in the face of incessant danger was recognised by the King and the island was awarded the George Cross.A worthy subject you might think for a movie),-0.7333333333333333
(,"Planet Earth has suffered a terrible environmental disaster so humanity now survives underground split in to different religious cults . What caused the catastrophe ? I have no idea ? why is humanity split in to different ecclesiastical factions ? I have no idea . Since the surface of the Earth can no longer support human life how are the humans able to grow crops in order to feed the population ? I have no idea . What sort of producer thought this screenplay deserved to receive funding ? I have no idea <br /><br />SHEPHERD is one of these films that creeps up late at night on cable channels . The sort of film where you consult the IMBb to see if it has any merits . The number of people who've commentated on SHEPHERD on this page hasn't yet reached double figures and this is a film that was released nine years ago . Perhaps the people who have never seen it are the lucky ones ? <br /><br />As for the rest of the plot it's very routine . Grumpy former cop Boris Dakota whose wife and child died several years previously meets a woman and her child and it's up to him to save their lives ),-0.6153846153846154
(,"===========BIG SPOILER================================== This is a terrible movie with no likable characters. So many clichés and senseless scenes. It needs a good editor but then there might not be any movie left. Please save your two hours. The only decent and unpredictable scene in the movie was when the younger brother refuses to stop his brother from killing himself. The description read ""moments of dark comedy"". Perhaps I missed those when I blinked. The horrible characters start right with the funeral. The funeral goers are laughing and complaining about the food while at the funeral of a very young man who has committed suicide? Then the father makes digs at the only son left? Right at the funeral? How is it that the next door neighbor whose husband cheated on her with Sigourney Weaver's character is the bad guy for telling the husband? The father doesn't even know his son can play the piano though everyone else around him seems to know he is a great pianist. The movie tries to shove every dramatic cliché possible into one movie: father over-driving athletic son to succeed),-0.625
(,"The sad thing about Frontline is that once you watch three or four episodes of it you really begin to understand that it is not far away from what happens in real life. What is really sad is that it also makes extremely funny.<br /><br />The Frontline team in Series One consists of Brian Thompson ( Bruno Lawrence )- a man who truly lives and dies merely by the ratings his show gets. Occasionally his stunts to achieve these ratings see him run in with his Line Producer Emma Thompson ( Alison Whyte ); a woman who hasn't lost all her journalistic integrity and is prepared to defend moral scruples on occasions. The same cannot be said of Reporter Brooke Vandenberg ( Jane Kennedy )- a reporter who has had all the substance sucked out of her- so much so that when interviewing Ben Elton she needs to be instructed to laugh. Her reports usually consist of interviewing celebrities ( with whom she has or hasn't 'crossed paths' with before ) or scandalous unethical reports that usually backfire. Martin De Stasio ( Tiriel Mora ) is the reporter with whom the team relies on for gravitas and dignity),-1.2857142857142858
(,"When I was kid back in the 1970s a local theatre had Children's Matinees every Saturday and Sunday afternoon (anybody remember those?). They showed this thing one year around Christmas time. Me and some friends went to see it. I expected a cool Santa Claus movie. What I got was a terribly dubbed (you can tell) and truly creepy movie.<br /><br />Something about Santa Claus and Merlin the Magician (don't ask me what those two are doing in the same movie) fighting Satan (some joker in a silly devil costume complete with horns!). The images had me cringing in my seat. I always found Santa spooky to begin with so that didn't help. The guy in the Satan suit didn't help. But what REALLY horrified me were the wooden rein deers that pulled Santa's sled. When he wound them up and the creepy sound they made and the movements--I remember having nightmares about those things! All these years later I still remember walking out of that theatre more than a little disturbed by what I saw. My friends were sort of frightened by it too. I just saw an ad for it on TV and ALL those nightmares came roaring back. This is a creepy),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Now before I tell you the synopsis this is a non-spoiler review. Bone Eater hits its mark for being the worst movie of the year. I don't know how these movies even get onto DVD. If I saw this in theaters I would get extremely upset. Bone Eater is about these people who dig up an ancient burial ground and find some bones. It's the 'Bone eater' and the more bones he eats the more powerful he gets.<br /><br />First of all I thought okay well the DVD artwork looks creepy and it sounds creepy. When I rented it and looked at the DVD label it looked scary. But then when I played it in I could agree on one thing- the title 'Bone Eater' is better than the movie itself. Tell me what's more stupid? A bone eater that just attacks by throwing a bone ate you and you disappear? Don't worry that's not a spoiler you see that happen in the first 5 minutes. Or is it more stupid that 'Bone Eater' has a horse? You know what I think is the stupidest? The whole movie.<br /><br />The CGI is awful. Yeah I thought the idea of 'Bone eater' was creepy but once you see the actual thing you think this is some kind of action movie or just a cruel),-0.5555555555555556
(,"Gamera vs Viras was made lazily and much of it suffers as a result.<br /><br />Space Aliens try to take over Earth and are stopped by Gamera. So they send another ship that manages to kidnap two young boys. The aliens then take control of Gamera and get him to attack mankind.<br /><br />First of all I must say that I really enjoyed the monster fight at the end between Gamera and Viras. Viras looks like a big squid with a beak. He has no energy weopons and does not shoot any rays out but he can close the apendages on top of his head to make a sharp pointy weopon. SO overall this is not a bad monster for Gamera to fight and is decent. Viras really injures Gamera badly by stabbing his underside of his shell with his pointy head and I am surprised Gamera was able to survive this.<br /><br />Unfortunately Gamera vs Viras decided to use footage from previous Gamera films to fill time for this film. They re show the battles between Gamera and Barugon and Gamera and Gaos when the aliens look at Gameras past battles. However when they show Gamera's battles with Gaos they show the battle between Gamera and Gaos in the city first),-0.8
(,"Here's an excellent Barbara Stanwyck double bill on one disc. The first movie - and believe me the lesser of the two - is MGM's ""To Please A Lady"" (1950) in which she is paired with Clark Gable. It is essentially a star vehicle with Gable as usual dominating the film with his screen presence. Here he plays a macho racing driver who gets some bad press from feminist reporter Stanwyck and the battle of the sexes begins. Of course after much ado they eventually end up in each others arms and it all comes to a predictable and pleasing close. A bit of a fluff of a move really but Gable and Stanwyck - two icons of the Golden Age - make it watchable!<br /><br />But the real meat on this DVD is the second feature - a marvellous and quite unknown little thriller called JEOPARDY. Produced by MGM in 1953 this is a wonderful little gem of a movie that hasn't dated one iota! Here Stanwyck plays the wife of Barry Sullivan and mother to their young son Lee Aaker on vacation on a deserted and remote Mexican beach when suddenly tragedy strikes. A dilapidated wooden pier collapses trapping Sullivan under a heavy pylon and guess what? Yes),-0.16666666666666666
(,"Mario Racocevic from Europe is the only user who has posted a comment so far and covers the major points to the film.Yet again another difficult film to purchase in the UK.I had to go through ""Midnight Video"" who have a Swedish branch.I went to the post office and bought by mail order this and a similar title at only SKR30 a title.<br /><br />This film goes under many ""a.k.a's"" depending on when and where it is marketed.I had previously purchased ""The Bloodsucker leads the Dance"" (which you will find if you search on Imdb under ""people"" and input ""Krista Nell"").The actor who plays the Count on his private island in the latter film had his words dubbed from Italian into English by an actor with an unmistakably mournful and rather tired sounding voice.I smiled when I heard this same voice dubbing on the English soundtrack as the police inspector who is investigating the murder of the prostitute killed in the copse in the subject film.My choice of course was to see another outing by the delicious Krista Nell.<br /><br />There are quite a few rather inconsequential sub plots in the movie involving blackmail/extortion),-1.3333333333333333
(,"Doesn't anyone bother to check where this kind of sludge comes from before blathering on about its supposed revelations? Ask yourself a question: Is my skull an open bucket that I allow anyone to dump their propaganda into? Do yourself a favor and take a look at the bomb-shelter mentality of pathtofreedom.com before you waste your time with this screed.<br /><br />These sorts of Mother Earth/People's Republic of Berkeley urbanite fruitcakes that openly despise a way of life only because it doesn't match theirs must believe their case fails miserably on facts and objectivity. Else why resort to willful distortion and blatant one-sidedness? Pathetic.<br /><br />Don't be a sap. Take two seconds and cast a skeptical eye before falling for yet more 'end of the world' hysteria from it-takes-a-village types with a political agenda that's probably even to the left of your own. Mi. Moore (rather his unthinking followers) have really opened the floodgates with this kind of one-sided political trash passed off as a *cough* documentary. But apparently they understand the sentiment of an ever-gullible public: ""If it's on a movie screen),-0.5833333333333334
(,"If you can get past the slow start and bad acting it's worth watching. The story line was pretty decent. The father had a wicked temper because he was unemployed and he hardly got to see his kid except in the summer because his ex-wife had custody of him. The father was very angry and frustrated the majority of the time. The monster in the story wasn't too scary. The movie breaks consistency of the monster being so incredibly strong. The one scene that the moviemakers do this in is one of the times when the kid is down in the cellar and the monster goes to attack him. When the monster goes to attack the kid his arm gets caught in a steel trap attached to a chain. The monster is about a foot away from the kid's face. Every other time throughout the movie the monster is strong enough to break through or tear down anything. Yet the steel trap and chain holds him back from getting the kid! More than likely the moviemakers did this for shock factor because no one wants to see one of the main characters die. Moviemakers just wanted to scare us into thinking it may be a possibility that the kid could die. Instead of breaking consistency),-1.0
(,"This cowardly and offensive film had me intrigued to begin with. The characters are the familiar dispossessed young males frequently to be seen hanging around bored in a sea side town. Robert is an outsider but he has his music which could have been his soul. Instead Clay makes Robert into a freak who embarks on a journey into cannabis and ecstasy and getting in with the wrong crowd. Clay seems to believe in ""reefer madness"" and Robert ends the film as a homicidal rapist. One wonders how much experience of real life this young director has. No one can save poor Robert. Clay leaves us with the message that young British men are out of control. A very unsubtle link is made to the Iraqi insurgents; during the needlessly graphic rape we are subjected to explosions and images of war. The film shows male peer group extremism pushed to it's limits. The young bombers in London draw a parallel with Clay's hateful depiction of modern male. Clay implies that men simply cannot help themselves from inflicting terrible acts of violence. It is a wonder the British film industry allows money to be invested in films which advocate such divisive propaganda),-1.6
(,"Paul Muni and Bette Davis overact monstrously while lacklustre studio hack Archie Mayo seems distracted and oblivious in this racially provocative film that derives its ""bittersweet ending"" by condoning segregationist attitudes. Heavy handed and poorly constructed the film collapses under its own weight within the first fifteen minutes with an out of control courtroom scene that it never recovers from as Mr. Muni begins to chew up scenery by the yard hollering and howling away in an almost incoherent fashion.<br /><br />Johnny Ramirez is a Mexican American from the other side of the tracks who through determination and grit attains a law degree from a store front night school. In his first big case involving an auto accident he displays only ineptitude and is quickly made to look the fool by his well heeled opponents and an impatient judge who recommends he be disbarred. Devastated by the setback an angry Johnny takes on a job at a gambling joint where he is befriended by the owner Charlie Roark (Eugene Palette) who likes his style. The owner cuts him in on the place but problems arise with Mrs. Roark (Davis) who also wants a piece of Johnny. She kills Charlie),-1.1666666666666667
(,"Not a balanced point of view. The director shouldn't express her opinion as truth. The movie has some criticism of Fujimori but it always gives him and his family the last words. So few critics of Fujimori were provided that it seems the only reason they were included was to be able to say the movie provides both views. But that is not the case.<br /><br />The movie barely shows one of the massacres that Fujimori is accused of. And it gives him credit for the masterminding the murdering of the MRTA insurgents that took the Japanese embassy. It is well documented that the CIA did the planning. There is even pictures of a well known CIA strategist on the site published by Caretas magazine and other newspapers.<br /><br />The fact that such well known information was not used by the director gives us a few possible conclusions: the director is pro-Fujimori and purposely and falsely chooses to give the credit to him; the director does not want viewers to note that the CIA and Fujimori worked together; or it was just out of ignorance since the director is not Peruvian and was not present in Peru at the time the events occurred.<br /><br />The explanation provided by other commentators),-1.6666666666666667
(,"Yesterday I attended the world premiere of ""Descent"" at the Tribeca Film Festival in NYC. I had a great time. It was sold out and attended by all the major stars including fellow my-spacer Marcus Patrick.<br /><br />I give the movie 7.5 starts out of a possible 10 stars.<br /><br />The movie begins with Maya (Rosario Dawson) at college. You can envision the typical college environment with wild parties and flirtations going on. The photography in this film was excellent. She meets Jared (Chad Faust) and they become sweethearts. It appears like any other relationship in the beginning. The man is in quest of the woman's attention and affection and the woman is playing hard to get. Both played this well. Very innocent flirtation between the two. He invites her to his apartment and everything falls apart.<br /><br />The apartment is very dreary and dark. They eventually end up in the basement which is extremely dark and lit by numerous candles. This actually reminded me of a dungeon. Here is where he shows his true colors and proceeds to rape her. This is a very dark and gritty rape scene. This scene is not for the young or weak at heart. The rape scene is a little long and hard to take),-0.7272727272727273
(,"Another go round with the monkey king going west....sort of.<br /><br />Beginning in the middle of some action the movie just goes from the first frame onward.<br /><br />A monk and his three disciples go to a town to get the sacred suras that will bring peace to the world once they are translated and spoken to the world.But an evil force has intervened and kidnapped all of the children of the town. The evil force wants the monk because if you eat him you will live forever. The retainers battle the forces of darkness before forcibly sending the monk off for safety (The monk thinks he can win simply by reasoning with the bad guys). The monk ends up with a bunch of lizard imps who plan at some point eating him... however the bad guys arrive and he's off an odyssey with the ugliest of the lot.<br /><br />Can a movie that starts off the rails go off the rails? Don't get me wrong I really liked this movie but its so scatter shot and all over the place that plot and logic simply fall away as some scenes simply pick up mid action with no way of knowing how we got there (The final battle to rescue the disciples is completely out of left field). This is one of the messiest movies I've seen in a while),-0.5
(,"My ex wife and I saw and were intrigued by the trailer for this film. We waited for it to come out but when it did it didn't stay in theaters very long. Several years later I bought it on VHS and I am transferring it to DVD so I can preserve it.<br /><br />I found it to be very moving. It is about real events in a real country. BURMA got such a bad reputation for the political oppression it created that they changed their name.<br /><br />I find women with little make-up on to be very sexy. Patricia Arquette is in this movie. Frances McDormand and Spalding Gray are in it only briefly.<br /><br />After coming home to find her young son and husband brutally murdered Laura (Arquette) is afraid of blood. A bad trait for a doctor. Her sister (McDormand) talks her into going on a vacation to Burma. While there she witnesses a peaceful demonstration and has her passport stolen. In a bold (or stupid) move she asks a tourist guide to show her something off the tourist track. Her guide is injured by soldiers and she spends the rest of the movie trying to get him and herself to safety.<br /><br />Every time I watch this it reminds me that we in the United States forget that to a peasant living under military rule),-1.1111111111111112
(,"i can't believe i actually watched this but i guess i just wanted to know if this movie would get unintentionally funnier and funnier towards the end. and it did. the climax was the poorest performance ever given by the defence lawyer - so out of real life that even for a fictional story it was far too weird. no way anyone on this planet can behave in front of a court like she did. and probably the worst prosecutor on earth. why was he in court anyway? he did nothing and absolutely nothing to prove her guilty. a simple search of her house would have resulted in the find of the rings. but no go. he preferred to say ""objection"" 2 or 3 times during the whole trial - that was it. the blonde lunatic was given a truth-drug to prove her innocent but not Brett. the lunatic almost had an altar of Brett in her home that could have proved her sick obsession. but again no go. during the court scene i felt the silent urge to take the needlepoint out of her hand and bang it several times against her head. even real weirdos do not look that silly fake ""i am innocent"" like she did. and what does this movie tell us? never marry a woman with a life insurance: as soon as she falls down the stairs her husband will be thrown into jail),-0.5714285714285714
(,"To fight against the death penalty is a just cause. Everyone who is sane in Europe would think so. In the USA everything is different. The film seems to demonstrate in a first stage that justice can be won against the racist bigot death penalty craving American justice. A young man is freed from death row thanks to a law professor who went back to defense counseling for this particular case. But the film has a sequel. Justice in the USA is entirely governed by the aim of vengeance. Miscarriage of justice is just the same governed by vengeance. One person in the local Public Attorney Offfice has a young man prosecuted on false charges. This Public Attorney's officer drops the charges after a while and the young man walks out free. But he loses his college scholarship and he is castrated by some vengeful people for whom there is never any smoke without a fire. He hides his shame and swears to get his vengeance. But he also needs to satisfy his sexual needs which are more mental than hormonal for sure but even stronger because mental and no longer hormonal and he can only do that with little girls. He apparently teams with another serial killer who is after the same kind of preys. One day the local cops follow their intuition),-0.5789473684210527
(,"OK...i have seen just about everything....and some are considered classics that shouldn't be ( like all those Halloween movies that suck crap or even Steven king junk).......and some are considered just OK that are really great.....( like carnival of souls )........and then some are just plain ignored............like ( evil ed ) or ( pumpkin head and brain dead ""the bud Cort one"" ) then some stick in your head once seen and never leave...........that's what this did to me........and for my money this is much better than last house on the left............last house was great till the ending...then it blew chunks.....what kind of dummy is gonna give a blow job to someone who just killed their kids ????.completely stupid ..go find the movie ""bully"" or even ""funny games"" if ya want realism and to be creep ed out.........but this damn thing stuck with me for years.........one cause chuck Connors always was scary.........two Tanya Roberts is the best female victim ever........three the chick being smothered in plaster still is one of the all time worst killings on film........and 4th the telekinetic powers thing blew my mind and came totally unexpected.......not to mention the dummies wax figures puppets etc.......it should be right there with psycho),-0.631578947368421
(,"I watched this immediately after seeing HILLSIDE CANNIBALS so anything would have been an improvement . On top of that it stops me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 DAYS LATER and its sequel . Unfortunately the more I watched it the more I realised how well made Danny Boyle's original was and how much this movie influenced 28 WEEKS LATER <br /><br />One can't help noticing how much the 28 franchise has dated this type of Italian horror movie . I was totally convinced ZOMBI 3 must have been made in 1980 or 1981 at the very latest - In which case I would have called my summary 28 YEARS LATER ( Geddit ? ) - but wasn't until I came to this page to find it was released in 1988 . All the production values scream that it's a low budget splatter flick from the very early part of that decade . I might have enjoyed this movie as a fifteen year old schoolboy in 1982 as would have my peers but not now <br /><br />Much of the problem involves a lack of internal continuity . For example some of the zombies shuffle about with the pace of a snail while others can run very fast and posses self awareness which leads to a ridiculous end scene involving a DJ . Likewise some can be killed by a kick to the face while others remain alive even if they've had their head chopped off ),-0.45454545454545453
(,"Malefique pretty much has the viewer from start to finish with its edgy atmosphere. Nearly the whole movie is set in a prison cell revolving around 4 characters of which transvestite Marcus and his little retarded boy are way out the strangest. Soon the inmates find a diary of a previous inmate behind a brick which deals with his obsession of occult and black magic themes leading to his escape from the cell. From here on everything deals with uncovering the secret of the book and its spells to flee from prison. That leads to some accidents on the way out of the cell into the unknown light.<br /><br />Honestly I think the story is rather poor and the final twist is nice but to me the ends are pretty loosely tied together. Anyway I was thrilled until the last moment because the atmosphere of the movie is unique with minimal setting and cast. The kills are raw and eerie... its doesn't take gore to chill your spine and the occult themes are also done very well and reminded me of the hell themes in Hellraiser. Malefique has a claustrophobic and cold dirty feel with greenish tint. At times you wonder if the real or the occult world depicted here is stranger... when the retarded boy looses his fingers and is lulled to sleep sucking on Marcus breasts it seems normal),-0.9285714285714286
(,"This movie tries to say something profound; I'm just not sure what it was. Too much is left unresolved in the end for me to figure out the main point. A couple scenes really have me wondering what was left on the cutting room floor. I don't think the wall was very well developed I never got what was actually going on there. When the mother finally unveils it I just couldn't make any connection to the boy's silence. What was the point of the boy not talking? Was he just delusional or did he acquire some sort of power. What was the scene with the burnt girl all about? Another power the boy has or what? I don't understand how that developed any character or moved the plot. I got the bully bit but what happened to the dog? Did the dog come back or did mom get rid of Fido for good somehow? <br /><br />There were several additional plot elements that were more clutter than use. Like the radio talk show in the background discussing the Iraq War. I think that was supposed to create some sort of comparison to the grief and insecurity the mother and Addison were experiencing but for me it was distracting and strained. I didn't buy the link very much. I also found the teacher getting on Addison about not saying ""here"" for roll call a bit much. The mom seeing the doctor was pointless),-0.5
(,"James Marsh's The King is a film that mystifies me. I can't think what its meant to be for. It's a story about a young man called Elvis played by Gael Garcia Bernal who gets an honourable discharge after 3 years Navy service and then goes off to find his biological Father and behaves dishonourably with him and his family. It's all rather sick really. Elvis worms his way into the family by seducing his 16 year old sister Malerie (Pell James). It's rather impossible to identify with anyone in this film from here in Middle England. Preacher Father and bouncy joyful Christian Congregation; I couldn't work out whether the film is meant to be deriding them for their mindless beliefs. Or is the target the happy family and we are meant to think that's unviable. OR is it just saying that some people are lost and just hell bent on destruction. It's shallow. We all know that bad things happen; the interesting bit is to learn why but this film just gratuitously depicts a violence without ever unravelling the thinking that has led to it. ""The King"" is such a lost opportunity. There are some really interesting questions about honour; the Warrior Code; the changing concepts of valour; honour killings in Indian families and so on. Honour is a very varied concept. But this film just adds nothing to the notion. However),-0.7692307692307693
(,"Mickey Rourke ( who was once a famous movie star ) plays Martin Fallon an IRA terrorist who accidentally blows up a school bus full of children who is so disgusted by his actions decides to leave the IRA and goes on the run in London <br /><br />!!!! MILD SPOILERS !!!!<br /><br />The movie's opening is rather disturbing as the lives of little children are ended in a fireball . Things like this happened throughout the 1970s and 1980s and into the 1990s in Northern Ireland which gives A PRAYER FOR THE DYING a stark realism . However as soon as Fallon decides he's going to give up violence ( What ? He's a terrorist and he's never blown up innocent passerbys before ? ) realism disappears and clichés and ridiculous plot twists take place . Martin is employed by the London underworld ( Don't they have their own hit men ? )to commit a hit while he wears an IRA "" uniform "" ( Never knew the provos wore uniforms ) at a cemetery in broad daylight ( Wouldn't an IRA man use a bomb placed under a car ? ) where he's spotted by a priest who recognises him while he was in the SAS . Hands up who thinks I'm lying ? I'm not and we're half way through the running time and there's still several clichés to come <br /><br />This all sounds very silly and it is but what do you expect from a novel by Jack Higgins ? Everything is clichéd ),-1.0
(,"I am in awe of the number of people who consider this film to be decent...much less great! Do the majority of people even have basic standards for a film they watch? I just don't know anymore.<br /><br />This ""commercial cinematic product"" doesn't really deserve the respect of being called a film. To call Dean Cain talented is a gross injustice to anyone who actually has talent. I have had a lot of respect for Lori Petty but most of that has gone right down the tubes. At least her role was extremely small. Maybe she had a bill that desperately needed to get paid.<br /><br />The ignorance I saw while viewing ""Firetrap"" was amazing. Let me start out by getting this off my chest: if you can't show fire realistically then don't show it at all. Okay?!! It's an embarrassment to all involved when you show lame effects that don't even come close to simulating an actual burning building.<br /><br />Some interesting tidbits: 1. A janitor opens the door to a large storage closet and finds the entire room engulfed in flames. What does he do? He tries to put out the fire with his broom! 2. The same janitor (who knows the building is on fire) later comes across a door marked ""HAZARDOUS MATERIALS"". His brilliant mind tells him that it would be a great idea to open said door. Big mistake! 3. A woman is giving a fantastically generous donation of $100),-0.6153846153846154
(,"I just want to start by saying this is the first review of a film I have done on the net. I felt the need to warn people about this film because it truly is one of the worst films I have ever seen. After reading interviews with the director he says he respects constructive criticism and so i will try to avoid bashing the film just for the sake of it and offer my opinions as to why i found it to be so catastrophically terrible.<br /><br />1. The actors. I know the budget may not have allowed for great thespians but with Nicholson working in the industry for over ten years surely he knew some actors who were at least average.<br /><br />2. The incredibly lame make up and special effects. Once again budget obviously interfered with what was originally intended but after working in make up for so many years there is really no excuse.<br /><br />3. The obvious similarities to Hostel. Whilst not being exactly a rip off it sure does try to cash in on the former films success. Only problem is Roth knew where he was going and exactly how to get there...<br /><br />4. The music. Not at all creepy or haunting not even sickening just plain annoying.<br /><br />5. The script in general. All dialogue was forced and terrible! Also the sub plots about the theatre and the guy who comes in to save them were weak as and almost like an afterthought.<br /><br />6. The editing. WTF. How jarring),-0.5
(,"Great piece of fiction played as if factual. Tonight I was looking at the Birdman of Alcatraz. Robert Stoud was not a model meek prisoner and he was in jail because he was pimping and a customer did not pay up. Once he got into jail he was so uncontrollable he spent most of his time in solitary confinement or in the prison hospital. Killed a few people in prison too. This movie reminds me of the Birdman of Alcatraz but even worse. Robert Stroud did write books and he did contribute to society in someway. And the BOA had some hints of Strouds lunacy. BUT this guy Henry Young who Murder in the First is suppose to be about was a a known bank robber who took hostages and beat them up in more then one robbery. He wasn't some poor guy who stumbled into a grocery store which just happened to be a post office and took some money. This man was a hard core criminal. He also killed a person 3 years before he went to Alcatraz. He killed another person in jail not because of the solitary confinement which ended over a year before the murder. The real story of his life would of been more interesting. They did not even get the warden thing right. You can't be a warden in 3 different prisons at the same time. And by all accounts the warden in the movie was a pretty stand up guy as wardens go. Plus if my math is right the Warden played by Karl Malden in the BOA is suppose to be the same warden in this movie. Oh Boy. Not only that),-1.7
(,"Well this movie actually made me feel so strongly that I signed up for an IMDb account just to warn people. It is patently AWFUL!! NOTHING makes sense in this movie. There is way too many subplots for a start. Josh Hartnett's character is an aspiring actor and yoga instructor as well as a cop who seems to be living way beyond his means and only teaches yoga to hot girls (Some of whom wait naked in his jacuzzi for when he comes back from work). Add to that the fact that his dad was killed by a crooked cop who just so happens to be in on the current crime being investigated by the hapless duo. Harrison Ford's character is trying to sell real estate on the side and is sleeping with the Internal Affairs investigator's ex-wife who happens to run a psychic radio show which Ford's character calls from time to time. NONSENSE!!<br /><br />I can't remember the characters names (that's how forgettable this is) so I'll refer to them as Ford and Hartnett.<br /><br />Then there's the dialogue which is brutal. I mean cringe-inducing stuff here. Throw in every cliché in the book (having a heart-to-heart in a dark bar during the day over a drink where the bartender knows his name; the duo being investigated by internal affairs (why??); hartnett confronting his dad's killer) and you've got one hell of a mess.<br /><br />As I mentioned the plot is preposterous and continuity is non-existent: 1) When Ford's car is being repossessed),-2.8
(,"I have been living in Istanbul for 24 years and I (a 39 years of experience would suggest) do know what Istanbul has gone through all those years.<br /><br />Faith Akin is still quite young (born in 1973) and falling in the great mistake of being ORIENTALIST when looking at Turkey (just as his other movie Gegen Die Wand did) This movie SERIOUSLY LACK contemporary urban Turkish life AND MISLEADS the audience when giving out (quite false) clues as to the geographical and cultural spreading of Istanbul.<br /><br />Anyone who could speak Turkish could easily attest that many underground bands & groups depicted in the movie (Siyasiyabend for one ) are SO MISERABLE and their members cannot even speak a proper language that they cannot be taken as 'representatives' of the contemporary Turkish music. Much less a piece of crap which many Turkish listeners even do not know about at all.<br /><br />We Turks have long been accustomed to 'superficious' westerners who look at Turkey with some Orientalist point of view: trying to fit the actual Turkish image into their mind molds.. What is new in this movie is the fact that now a Turkish originated director (Faith Akin) is making the same mistake: Looking at Turkey with some false western glasses and scrambling to depict it as if he understands better. All of a vain effort.<br /><br />Just ask any Turkish friend of yours: What sort of a musical documentary is this without mentioning the names : Zeki Muren),-0.4
(,"I had some time to kill before watching football so I saw this movie being offered on the scifi channel and it literally after watching it I thought I had encountered my version of mentally walking the Bataan death march as my conscious was beaten into submission by the awful movie which ripped off the Mummy series and Jurassic Park. It was so bad that I thought the opening credits were the highlight of the movie and then it went into such a abysmal descent that it made the recent drop in the stock market seem like a hiccup. The acting was so bad that I was hoping that one and all would be buried at the end. The lead by Casper Van Dien made me long for the high caliber acting of Steven Seagal in ""On Deadly Ground"" as his line reading was so wooden that Woody Woodpecker was thinking of making a cameo to sit on his shoulder. I also noticed that his emotional range is so limited that I was under the impression my kitten was more expressive when asking for popcorn to eat . The direction was so abysmal I looked back yearning to my nephew's grade 3 play recital which had more pace and better vision and the fact that this movie seems to be have spliced together from afterthoughts of the aforementioned movie franchise it can not even be thought of as a homage. The FX of the movie was so bad that I thought the director and producers were enviormentally friendly by recycling cheap special effects from grade Z horror flicks from yesteryear. What Robert Wagner),-0.5625
(,"Soulless milking of cash cow franchise. Generic superhero flick. CGI showcase. Gavin Hood's ""A Series of Improbable Events."" Combinatoric iteration of mutant fight scenes strung together by inane exposition justifying formation/dissolution of arbitrary alliances. I'm not expecting Shakespeare here but the cliché per minute meter was off the charts: Primal scream while looking skyward and kneeling over murdered girlfriend. Renegade military commander. Predictable double crosses. Revenge sought for slain lover. Erased memories. Evil character discovering morality at last minute. Misguided failures to execute nemeses after defeating them in melee. Lover not really dead. Lover actually acting as spy for hero's arch-nemesis. Girlfriend/spy actually falls for protagonist. Good people work for antagonist in order to save kidnapped family members. Evil mastermind fails to honor promises to reluctant employees. Kindly old couple care for weary hero and get murdered for their troubles. Certain deaths averted as third parties arrive on scene before coup de grace. Hero reluctantly joining secret government agency. Abandonment of elite squad in protest over slaughter of innocents. Scientists unable to control indestructible killing machine of their own creation. Outdated but lovable government 'secret weapon' kills off better designed but heartless successor. Hero strolls away from wreck and casually lights a trail of gasoline behind him. After everyone has given up),-0.2222222222222222
(,"This movie is basically about some girls in a Catholic school that end up getting into trouble because of putting red dye in one in one of their school mates shampoo and after being reprimanded for this act they decide to take off to Florida for a vacation. On their way there they meet up with some guys in a local diner and decide that they would both meet up with each other in another location later on. The girls end up on a road side near the woods and stop for awhile and while one of the girls decides to walk around a bit she sees a murder happen in which the local sheriff himself is involved. She becomes scared and runs to tell the others what happened. The other girls decide to go take a look with her and two of them get killed by the killer. Then the two remaining girls are caught by the killer and are placed in local jail cell. The deputy sheriff meanwhile is keeping watch over the girls and despite their insistence that the sheriff is the killer he ignores them both and acts as ignorant and everybody else in this movie who just can't put two and two together much less some lousy detective work at that. The best part was the rape scene between the killer and one of the girls where he decides to rape her in her jail cell and it seems that the girl actually WANTS to be raped by this man and the bare chest scene I admit was good but before their lips meet he has other things in mind. This movie reminds me of the low-budget thriller ""Blood Song"" with Frankie Avalon staring in it),-1.3333333333333333
(,"This film is so bad and gets worse in every imaginable fashion. Its not just the poor acting and script nor is it the lame and perverse time one wastes on watching it. What really puts this film in my hall of shame is the apparent struggling that the writers and producers do with the film to try and make it funny. The actress replacing Jean Reno's descendant is to old and learned her lesson in the first film so they add a new girl who is to be married. Nearly all of the original extras and gags return however this time makes me want to ripe my eyes out of my sockets because it's a waste of perfectly good film. The torture of the constant camera cuts and shots in any scene in this movie can put the viewer into violent convolutions. This second film takes the successful original and drags it out of its coffin and parades the corpse out in the public square and perversely degrades not only the original idea and its legacy but our intelligence as well. This film unlike the spruce goose could not fly for it had no plot in the principals returning for a 'necklace'. No script since it was apparently written and added to daily. No attention to camera or shots in mind. Poor lighting and special effects done for the sake of doing so. This film would not even pass for a student film in basic Film 101. How this pile got through no one can tell. It was a big loosing investment and it appears that no one had the strength to put this unnatural cruel mistake out of our miseries. This movie has one good part ...its END! This film is my #1 worst film of all time),-0.8461538461538461
(,"Yes AWA wrestling how can anyone forget about this unreal show. First they had a very short interviewer named Marty O'Neil who made ""Rock n Roll"" Buck Zumhofe look like a nose tackle. Then it was Gene Okerland who when he got ""mad as the wrestler"" would say either ""Were out of time"" or ""Well be right back"" acting like he was mad but actually sounding forced. After he went to the WWF Ken Resneck took over even though his mustache looked like week old soup got stuck to it was a very fine interviewer who ""Georgeous"" Jimmy Garvin called mouse face which made me fall off my chair laughing. After he jumped ship then Larry Nelson came on board which he was so bad that Phyllis George would of been an improvement! Then there's Doug McLeod the best wrestling announcer ever who made every match exciting with his description of blows! Then he was offered more pay by the Minnesota North Stars hockey team. At ringside who can forget Roger Kent who's mispronouncing of words and sentences were historic Like when a wrestler was big ""Hes a big-on!"" punched or kicked in the guts ""right in the gussets""or when kicked ""He punted him"" or ""the ""piledriver should be banned"" after Nick Bockwinkle used it on a helpless opponent.(Right Roger like you care!) After he left to greener money(WWF) they had Rod Trongard who's announcing style was great but different. Like when a wrestler scraped the sole of his boot across another guys forehead he'd say""Right across the front-e-lobe"" or when a wrestler is in trouble ""Hes in a bad bad way"". He also would say AWA the baddest),-0.36363636363636365
(,"Truly appalling waste of space. Me and my friend tried to watch this film to its conclusion but had to switch it off about 30 minutes from the end. And i can count the films I have switched off before the end on one hand.<br /><br />The script and direction are leaden and deeply uninspiring. I wouldn't be surprised if they found the script in a pile of cast off scripts from 1983. For example the irritating scroat threatening the real estate guy from his house phone. I mean seriously. The police would be beating his door down in minutes. The scenes and events just wash by you like turds in a river. It is difficult to understand the actual thrust of the film. The narrative flicks between characters in a seemingly random manner breaking up the pathetic attempts at building the characters. Oh and what ""characters"" they are. The protagonist played by Rourke is dreadful. He could have just sent a cardboard cut out of himself and stayed in bed. After 60 or so minutes of the film I had built absolutely zero attachment to this character. He is neither sympathetic nor hateful. Just a disfigured dummy from a shop window blundering through every single scene. His motivation is impossible to discern from his generally mumbled and emotionless delivery. Is he happy? Is he sad? Angry? No idea. Just those same dead eyes staring out at you from a disfigured chunk of flesh. And the native American theme is just awful and pointless.<br /><br />The good guys are at best unlikeable. A dull white collar stereotype and a simpering neurotic ex-wife stereotype. Cue archetypal wife with shotgun face off with bad guy),-0.8333333333333334
(,"Viewers of independent films know that once or twice a year they are going to see stories about dysfunctional families and they have come to expect them and it's becoming more of a challenge to keep them fresh but here despite the good cast it just seems more of the same. Story is about the Travis family who is trying to recover from the suicide of Matt (Kip Pardue) who was a very promising high school swimmer. Ben (Jeff Daniels) is the father who withdraws from everyone and has never treated his other son Tim (Emile Hirsch) as well as Matt but he does communicate (of some sort) to his mother Sandy (Sigourney Weaver) who finds his stash of pot and starts to smoke it.<br /><br />*****SPOILER ALERT***** Sandy also starts to flirt with much younger men like the check-out cashier at the grocery store but when she attempts to buy more marijuana she gets busted and hauled off to jail. She doesn't tell anyone what happened but she does discover bruises on Tim's body and also that Ben has taken a leave of absence from work. After all this happens Sandy falls ill and lands in the hospital where her life is in danger which forces Ben to realize that he may have to come to terms with losing another part of his family.<br /><br />This film is written and directed by Dan Harris who has worked with Bryan Singer on ""X2"" and also the upcoming Superman film and while his script allows these characters to have genuine moments of expressing their pain and confusion the story (for me) just has too many things thrown in. The script touches on so many different areas that you need a scorecard to keep track of them all including drugs),-0.7
(,"The Wicker Man Has Done The Impossible! It replaced Cat Woman as the worst recent movie in my steel trap cinema mind. YES it's really that bad. So bad that when sitting down to write this review I thought to myself ""If I had a choice to either see this movie again or to have red hot needles shoved in my eyes"" I might actually go for the red hot needles.<br /><br />Neil LaBute created a rare movie where Joel Schumacher could sit back and say with comfort and a guilt free mind ""Yeah that's some bad direction right there"".<br /><br />I think the first clue for myself should have been the tag line: ""Some Sacrifices Must Be Made"". Sure it might sound sort of cheeky ominous line to intrigue you but the sacrifice will be all on the audience side of the screen. Trust me on this the people responsible for this movie should be charged with a hate crime..or at least fraud for trying to pass this off as anything resembling entertainment. Seriously! The movie is about an island where men are just there for breeding and I would still rather with be stuck on Gilligans Island with only pictures of Condoleezza Rice then find myself stranded there.<br /><br />The most entertaining part about this movie was the guy who ripped the loudest fart I've ever heard in a movie theater. That's not a joke nor is it fictional. I've never been to a ""thriller"" and heard so much laughter through out the entire film. I can't tell you with an certainty if the laughs were intentional in some effort to lighten the cinematic tension or if they just really thought this crud would actual fly. I honestly found myself routing for a power outage or a perhaps a fight to break out in the movie theater),-0.7777777777777778
(,"Jacqueline Susann wrote several novels all involving sex and melodrama and a few of them actually were made into films including this effort and they all have the distinction of being some of the worst films ever made. Story here is about Robin Stone (John Phillip Law) and his rise to the top of television by being ruthless and calculating to everyone around him. He's a playboy of the worst sort using and then throwing away every woman he beds including the wife of the IBC network president.<br /><br />*****SPOILER ALERT***** Greg Austin (Robert Ryan) is in charge of the television network IBC and when his younger wife Judith takes one look at Robin she wastes no time getting into bed with him. Greg falls ill and has to take some time off and this is where Robin steps in and starts trying to run the network but during all this a model named Amanda (Jodi Wexler) who is in love with him kills herself. When Greg returns to his job he tries to get rid of Robin by using the morals clause in his contract when rumors start flying about his relationship with Jerry Nelson (David Hemmings) who's a gay fashion photographer.<br /><br />This was directed by Jack Haley Jr. who went on to be a very successful producer in both television and movies but this was only his second film as a director and the material he was forced to deal with seems way over his head! The script comes from Susann's novel and that would probably be why this resembles a cross between ""Alfie"" and ""The Valley of the Dolls"" and I think the reason why her books never could translate well onto film is because the filmmakers made the terrible mistake of taking her stories seriously instead of tongue in cheek. With that),-0.6666666666666666
(,"A real head scratcher of a film by Bill Rebane who appeared to be getting worse in his trade throughout the eighties. Three crackpot millionaires invite nine people to a remote hotel to compete in a last person standing contest in which the final contestant will be given $1 million provided he or she makes it that far. A series of lame pranks are pulled on some of the guests while the others engage in what most adults would do under the circumstances namely get shatfaced at the hotel bar. Most scenes are merely an excuse to focus the camera on various female body parts including an opening dance number that is a crossover of American Bandstand meets geriatric aerobics complete with hookers. If there was any hesitation that white people can't dance this scene hammers the final nail in that coffin. Pay close attention for the nipple slip. This continues on for about forty-five minutes until Bill Rebane begins throwing darts at various plot twists and whatever he hits becomes the inspiration for the next scene making this one incoherent mess. It's a game until it's not a game. The three old coots are in complete control until they're not. The hotel is possessed by a supernatural force until it becomes just props. They're dead until they're not. Even the narrator at the end replies that he doesn't know what the hell happened. I defy anyone to reason where Rebane was going on this one. The acting is dinner theater caliber minus the dinner. Most of the actors probably went back to their day jobs at the local Stuckey's. I give it a few points for the scene where the yuppie broad opens the closet and a skeleton is inside skull humping himself. Let's see Gone With the Wind do that! This Chilling Classics collection is really becoming the bane of me. Bane),-1.125
(,"This BRASS EYE special PAEDO-GEDDON was swamped by complaints ( More on that later ) when it was broadcast in 2001 following a national debate around a possible "" Sarah`s law "" following the abduction and murder of school girl Sarah Payne . In fact it`s scheduling was delayed while Phil Collins took legal advice after he found out he`d been fooled by the show`s maker Chris Morris into a starting a campaign entitled Nonce-sense<br /><br />If truth be told this show is probably more remembered for the controversy than the content which is in very poor taste but I do confess that I laughed out loud . The edition centres around paedophiles and how society treats both them and their victims . Chris Morris plays the presenter who tells the audience that an infamous paedophile has been launched into space then confesses that an eight year old child has accidentally been placed into the capsule along with the paedophile . Cue the child`s frightened screams . Like I said very poor taste <br /><br />Other highlights of the show include Dr Fox giving a scientific lecture that paedophiles share an identical nervous system to crabs ( "" No one knows this but it`s a scientific fact "" ) Labour MP Barbara Follet giving a public warning about equipment paedophiles put on their genitals while surfing the net and Kate Thornton warning viewers that paedophiles can send gas through the internet which makes young children suseptable to sexual predators including one victim "" Who was once a shy innocent child and who now has the sexuality of a sixty year old Colonel "" . Morris also shows a police officer in the child protection squad a serious of photos wanting to know if they`re classed as obscene . The photos included Barbie surrounded by a marital aids and a composite photo featuring a young boys head ),-1.35
(,"The problem with THE CONTRACTER is summed up by the opening scene . The CIA want an international terrorist dead so contact black ops assassin James Dial . The terrorist is appearing at the Old Bailey court in London which begs the question why do they want to bump off a terrorist if he's going to spend the rest of his life in jail ? He's going to be out of circulation either way . Didn't the CIA have a chance before he was arrested ? If by some chance he gets a not guilty verdict then kill him . There's no logical reason to kill someone who is going to spend life in a maximum security prison <br /><br />Since the premise sets up the story an audience might be choose to ignore the plot hole but the assination itself pours fuel upon the fire . Dial's colleague is killed by a police bullet and the taxi they're driving in crashes but Dial manages to escape . So the police were close enough to shoot someone but too far away to apprehend someone from a car crash ? The film of this type of plot connivance . Later Dial finds a police inspector pointing a gun at him saying "" this airport is surrounded by armed coppers "" yet Dial manages to escape very easily without explanation . The whole film cheats its audience by relying on things that are never explained . This includes an important supporting character called Emily Day . Why does she help Dial even though he's a wanted fugitive ? Your guess is as good as mine <br /><br />This is a fairly poor thriller and don't be taken in by the "" big name "" cast . Wesley Snipes used to qualify as a film star but killed his career by starring in more and more inconsequental films . Charles Dance also appeared in big budget Hollywood productions such as LAST ACTION HERO and ALIEN 3 but again he's someone best known for appearing in straight to DVD fare these days ),-0.65625
(,"I was expecting to view a more exploitation style of film but unfortunately this turned out to be just a badly made low budget action flick that just doesn't have the talent for that. Story is about a very beautiful woman named Teri Marshall (Heather Thomas) who's boyfriend Rick (Jeffrey Combs) works for a secret agency and he has invented a motorcycle that is bullet proof and can shoot lasers and rockets and has a helmet that can shoot lasers as well. The head of the agency Bosarian (Martin Landau) has made a 5 million dollar deal to sell it and sends two hired thugs to kill Rick and Teri and collect the bike. A tall blond thug named Rolf (Dar Robinson) and his partner Hanna (Dawn Wildsmith) manage to kill Rick but Teri survives. While at home she discovers a video tape that Rick left describing his invention that helps Teri on what to do next.<br /><br />*****SPOILER ALERT*****<br /><br />Teri is being chased by several agents and she gets caught and tortured but doesn't talk about where a piece of the motorcycle that is needed but she gets help from a federal agent named Waters (Martine Beswick) where they end up using the motorcycle for a bloody shoot-out.<br /><br />This film is directed by Fred Olen Ray who has made his career out of making ultra-low budget exploitation films but he made a dire mistake here by leaving out the exploitation aspect and trying to make an action film. Aside from a quick shower scene at the beginning there is no nudity and the usual titillation that viewers are accustomed to seeing in a Ray film is no where to be found. I don't think anyone was expecting Thomas to get naked but she doesn't wear one sexy outfit. Not that it stopped me from ogling her in those tight jeans and admiring her near perfect form but Ray really blew it in this case. Like all of his films the cast is fun to watch and many familiar faces have roles like Robert Quarry),-0.2
(,"I am from Sweden and i have just seen this movie and the thing is that i thought it was okay. I have seen many bad comments about it but you must remember that a lot of people that watch this two parts miniseries are located all over the world and not just in USA. Also remember that not everyone has ever heard of the film made in the 60:s and maybe not in the events(murders). And even more...that it can be hard to find the original movie and if so there always be people around that doesn't like black/white films. This one feels fresh and in color and will find its public. Its 12 years old now but i just saw it for the first time. I will try to find the first one if i can to compare them but i haven't seen it anywhere in Sweden. Ofcorse there is internet but not for anyone in the world. The thing here is that this is mostly part of an American crime-history and was big in the 50-60:s in just USA but in rest of the world it just past by i guess. Well it was told about for some time but 40 years later it will fade away in for example Europa cause time goes by. We had our own problems and crimes so if someone will do a remake of the film and put it back in some light again its not a bad idea at all. A new generation can take part of this horrible story and even the film about Capote that was released just a few years ago witch was a pretty good film too i think. It will boost interest to the events that took place some 50 years ago and maybe stop it to fall in sleep. It started me up and now i am looking for the Robert Blake-version so it wasn't that bad...huh? This are my opinions. Some people will of course disagree but hey...its okay. Sometimes there will be okay with remakes on old films. Its not every time the old ones are that good. The film-making techniques has developed a lot and scenes can be made more realistic if they want today. Its always a question of money of course. There has been so many movies that were made in the ""good old days"" but there were also money missing),-0.17647058823529413
(,"1969 was the year. New York City was the place. Putney Swoope was the second Robert Downey film to achieve some recognition. The first was Chaffed Elbows (1966). Putney Swoope achieved a much wider release. Pound (1970) and Greasers Palace (1972) were even more profane and obnoxious. Those 2 films were mean spirited to the point that they actually stalled the Prince's feature film career for several years.<br /><br />The subject at hand is Putney Swoope. And it is a mad farce/satire that has to be seen to be believed. I'm not going to go through the plot here. What Plot?? People looking for a plot are going to be scratching their heads. Keep Scratching!! This film is not about PLOT! One could compare this to a Mel Brooks movie; only without the Hollywood parody party that Mel always threw. I also see a little bit of Monty Python in this. By the way: This film was shot before Monty had debuted on the BBC!!! <br /><br />I notice that the Gags and Lines that are drop dead hilarious DO NOT transfer well by word of mouth. You have to see them within the context of the film. There are some flaws in the film; but even the flaws are unique. For instance: Actors often repeat the SAME LINE over and over again; and somehow it works. How Many Syllables Mario? Putney Says the Borman Six Girl Has Got to Have Soul! etc...<br /><br />The B/W photography is outstanding. The Sound/Score is even better! The editing is only so-so. The acting is above average. The script is priceless. The jokes are as un-PC as you can get: MR. Bad News says ""Sonny Williams just got caught in a motel with a 13 year old girl"" Putney says ""Well at least He's not superstitious"" Uptight conservatives beware. The Anti-Establishment mindset of this film will drive you straight out of the room. Nothing is sacred.<br /><br />There are many things in this film that pertain to today: NO SMOKING!!! Reverse Racism; with African Americans treating Caucasions like trash. The manipulation of Mass Media over the masses; Madison Avenue),-0.1
(,"Tobe Hooper (fresh off mainstream success with 'Poltergeist') aims for the skies this time around. 'Lifeforce' is an adaptation of Colin Wilson's 'The Space Vampires'. The script by 'Alien's Dan O' Bannon and Don Jakoby) varies a bit I was told: the futuristic storyline was made contemporary and Hailey's Comet was added to coincide with its actual passage by Earth a few weeks after the films release (so I've read).<br /><br />The story concerns a shuttle mission (commander by Steve Railsback) sent to investigate Hailey's Comet as it passes by Earth. All goes off without a hitch but upon reaching the comet it is discovered that an alien ship is hidden in the coma of the comet. The team investigates the massive structure and discovers desiccated bat-like creatures. Looking deeper into the ship a chamber is found that contains three humanoids (two naked males and one rather fetching nude lady too) in odd stasis coffins. The crew returns to the ship with the humanoids and a bat creature in tow.<br /><br />A bit later the ship returns to Earth but no contact can be made by NASA and another shuttle is launched to ascertain the status of the mission. Upon docking with the Churchill it is discovered that a massive fire has seemingly killed the crew and all data concerning the flight. But the three humanoids remain. However it is learned that an escape pod had been launched but whose whereabouts are unknown.<br /><br />Soon they make the discovery of the alien's origin when the very attractive space vampire queen arises from her slumber to easily seduce the lifeforce from the men around her. If you suck face with her she makes you like them and if you don't feed after two hours you will dry out and become dust. The goal of the three is to drain enough of the population's essence to power and sustain them and their ship for the trip to the next planet to lay waste to them as well.<br /><br />Thankfully the Commander survives re-entry in the pod (crash lands in Texas no less) and now has a psychic link to her royal hotness),-0.5333333333333333
(,"When this film plays on television you might want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There's nothing special here that you need to see. Story is about two married couples from Arkansas who go on a trip together to Reno. Couple number one is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton) who is a car dealer and having problems with his marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and she has a low self opinion of herself and they haven't been intimate in a long time. Lonnie has been sleeping with Candy (Charlize Theron) who is the wife of his best friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all drive to Reno and the four of them stay in one luxurious suite. Roy and Candy have been trying to have a baby and finally Candy discovers that she is pregnant. But Roy phones his doctor in Arkansas and finds out that he's sterile. Candy and Lonnie admit their affair and now the whole trip is in chaos. This film is directed by Jordan Brady and he's made a few other low budget films but this is his first with a cast this impressive. Unfortunately Brady doesn't show much comedic flair but you can't lay all the blame on him. This script is just not funny and one of the glaring problems is that the characters are all written down to a sitcom level. Just because they're all from the south doesn't mean that they have to be naive and idiotic. Thornton's character doesn't have the sophistication to tip the bellboy more than a dollar. And Swayze's character is called stupid and dumb by everyone throughout the film and one of the rare good moments comes when he asks everyone to lay off of him for at least one day. Penelope Cruz pops up as a prostitute and it's a totally worthless and pointless cameo. She barely speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think she was fulfilling an obligation to Harvey and Bob Weinstein who are executive producers for this film. The only person who actually isn't to bad is Richardson. We watch her become more confident in herself but this plotline in the film is very obvious and cliche. All of these actors should know better and it's hard to figure that they all read the script and liked it. It's a complete waste of time for these actors but at least they got paid. As for the viewers),-0.10526315789473684
(,"Oh dear . Yet another example of "" Oireland "" and religion . No doubt we'll be seeing some depressing nonsense featuring some "" hunky and macho freedom fighters "" from the IRA . Well that was my initial reaction when the credits started but just over an hour and a half later I was in a state of shock . What a superb movie <br /><br />The story starts on the day of the wedding between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s . There is a slight problem since they're getting married in the catholic church and that is Sheila is a protestant but in order for the wedding to happen Sheila takes a pledge that her children will be brought up catholic and attend the catholic school when they're old enough . The story - Which is set in the 1950s - then jumps forward a few years when the Cloney daughters are about to start school but Sheila has decided they'll be attending the local protestant school much to the disgust of local priest Father Stafford . From there things escalate <br /><br />Let me put my cards on the table and state that despite having both Irish catholic and Scottish protestant heritage I was brought up as agnostic and have considered myself as an atheist throughout my adult life . In fact when it comes to religion I consider myself a Marxist and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people . A LOVE DIVIDED shows what happens when self appointed moral guardians take it upon themselves to tell other people what to think and believe . May I have the temerity to state that if Karl Marx saw this movie he'd love it and call it a masterpiece ? Perhaps I shouldn't since the drama of this story shows what happens when other people do your thinking for you <br /><br />In reply to the couple of reviewers who have claimed this movie is propaganda of the worst sort I don't claim to know the exact details of what happened in County Wexford and there's no denying that Father Stafford and his flock of catholic sheep are portrayed as being the bad guys but Sheila isn't blameless herself . Think about a woman living in a rural village in 1950s Ireland who takes a pledge to bring her children up as catholics then changes her mind and believes there will be no consequences of this ? This is a warning against taking pledges and not keeping to them . Not only that but she disappears to let other people pick up the pieces of their shattered lives . There's also something that no one else has picked up upon and that is that the only character with any type of moral sense is former IRA man Andy Bailey who is shown as being gallant not because he was a former IRA member ( That makes a change . We're not talking about THE DEVIL'S OWN here ) but simply because he is an atheist who has decided to think for himself <br /><br />A LOVE DIVIDED is a superb movie that has a lot to say for itself ),-0.375
